How to start a lead generation agency and land your first client without any case studies. This video is the ultimate az guide. And by the end of this video, you should have everything that you need to know in order for you to go out, build your own business, sign your first client, make some money, and once again, you don't need any prior experience or any case studies. So, jumping right into it, who am I? Uh, I'm Jimmy Fun and I'm a 23 year old based out of Toronto, Canada. In this first picture over here, uh that's me, right? This was four years ago and I was working at McDonald's. I was flipping the burgers and I was cooking up the fries and nuggets. Uh I hated this job. It was completely miserable and I was making 14 bucks an hour and I knew I needed to find another way. Fast forward a couple years, this was in February 2022, and I actually found myself $15,000 in credit card debt. And the way I got there was I simply made a series of poor financial decisions. Um, I just bought a lot of random stuff that I simply didn't need and I invested in some courses and programs that uh were essentially scams, right? So, I'm not going to throw any names out there, but just know I made some really poor financial decisions and I knew I needed to make some money to number one pay off this debt and number two build a life that I always wanted and knew I could achieve for myself. So, I actually turned towards making money online, building up a online business. The first online business that I actually tried building was a Shopify drop shipping store. Um, what actually happened was I don't have any pictures here because I simply didn't make any money. In fact, I actually lost a few hundred bucks by, you know, buying different products, testing them out. I was trying to make money using Tik Tok organic drop shipping and that failed miserably. My next business that I tried was I built a Clavio email marketing agency. Pretty much we were working with different Shopify brands uh and helping them to build out their email flows and their email newsletters and campaigns, things like that. I actually didn't make money from this either, but I was able to sign two clients, both working for free. And that really opened the door and showed me that making money and building a online business is 100% possible. Right? So, I spent a couple months doing this uh and then I actually pivoted and built a lead generation agency, right? So, I pivoted and started my own lead generation agency in around October 2023. Uh and in this screenshot, this is my Stripe payment processor. Um I actually made my first uh dollars online on December 1st, 2023. Strange enough, right? December 1st. Uh and by December 22nd uh I actually ended the month at 10.5K um you know uh revenue right so uh the reason why it capped at December 22nd was because people different people I was working with it was pretty much the holidays Christmas holidays stuff like that and people started taking time off right so um in that 22day period I made $10,500 right um so from the time it took me from learning about what a lead generation agency was towards making 10,500. That took roughly, I want to say 75ish days. Uh, and that's what I was able to do. Uh, fast forward a couple more months. This was in February 2023. So, uh, give it another two months after that that screenshot earlier, I was at $24,000 every single month, right? So, um, that's what I was able to do. So going from zero to $24,000 in a single month, it took me roughly 120ish days to do so. Uh and I was able to do this by building a lead generation agency, right? Um and that's the business model and that's the purpose of this video. Jumping right into it in terms of topics covered, right? So in this video today, I'll be breaking down a couple things. The first one is what is a lead generation agency? LGA for short. The second one is why should you start an LGA headed into 2024. The next one is more of the technical stuff where it's starting to start. Uh it's how to choose a business name, how to choose a niche, and how to craft your offer. Next one is how to set up email domains, LinkedIn accounts, and build your landing page to start the actual outreach. Next one is how to write your outreach scripts. After that, it's how to handle replies from leads of inbox management. And after that is the sales cause plus closing clients, how to actually make money which is the sales cause and uh how to deliver the service that we are signing these clients for. So that's kind of what we'll be covering in the topics today. So the first thing is is what is a lead generation agency? Well, if you search it up on Google, what is a lead generation agency? It does say a lead generation agency is a company that develops and implements strategies that helps businesses attract more qualified leads. So, prospects that are more likely to become customers. That's what a lead generation agency says according to Google. So, that's all good, but what exactly does that mean? Right? So, I hit up chat GPT uh because you know why not? And I asked, "What is a lead generation agency in simple terms?" And it says, "A lead generation agency is a company that helps other businesses find potential customers who are interested in their products or services." You can pause the video and read the rest, but that's basically, you know, I feel like that gives a pretty good definition of, you know, what a lead generation agency is. So essentially you are working with B2B companies and helping them find potential new customers, potential new clients by generating them qualified sales calls. So in a nutshell that's what a lead generation agency is. So how does the lead generation agency LGA business model for short how does this business model work? Right? So I created this uh you know this quick little diagram pretty much uh if we start from the left over here the marketing agencies um let's say they are your clients right how are marketing agencies going about finding clients let's say they offer ads as a service Facebook ads as a service right uh well what they're doing is they're trying to work with these e-commerce brands so the marketing agencies clients and they're currently going about you know finding these e-commerce brands by stuff like referrals word of mouth Maybe they're running some ads, stuff like that, right? But what a lead generation agency does is over here in this green green little circle over here is we will actually work with these marketing agencies and we will help connect these marketing agencies to these e-commerce brands by using channels such as cold emails, cold lins, cold calls, right? So hope this chart gives a little bit more context, but that's pretty much what that business model is and how it works. So, how does a lead generation agency get paid? Right? This is a very important question. We understand what a lead generation agency is, but how does it get paid? Right? So, uh there are usually a couple different ways that you know LGA's get paid. The first one is the typical monthly retainer. So, let's say you charge a client $3,000 every single month. The second one is, and we saw it in some of the u case studies up above, was the onetime setup fee plus pay per qualified call. So, let's say, for example, a $2,500 setup fee plus $250 uh dollars per qualified call. That is more of a onetime setup fee plus performance model. Um, and the third one is the monthly retainer plus pay per qualified call, right? So, uh that one is every single month. Let's say you're charging a client $5,000 every month plus $250 per qualified call. So, a little bit of a performance payment structure in there as well. What I recommend as a beginner is to go with option two because it provides the best balance for making a ton of money, maximizing your profitability and your revenue, plus the easiness to sell, right? Because in option one, which is the monthly retainer, so let's say $3,000 every single month, uh it really caps your earnings because you will be paid the same amount regardless if you book, let's say, 20 meetings, so you did a lot of good work, you booked 20 meetings for a client versus you only booked five meetings for a client, right? So you obviously want to get paid more if you're doing a really good job and a monthly retainer simply caps your potential earnings pretty much, right? While option three, the monthly retainer plus pay per qualified call, that makes you the most amount of money because you're charging your clients a few thousand dollars every single month, plus you're making money off the performance. It's also the hardest to sell, right? And really, it's only recommended once you have a few case studies under your belt and you become really, really good at what you do. So, when I first started inside my own lead genen agency back in December, I actually followed number two, the onetime setup fee plus pay per qualified call. These days, I mainly do option three, which is the monthly retainer plus pay per qualified call. Uh, but occasionally, if I really want to work with a certain company, with a certain client, I do number two as well, right? Because it doesn't make too much of a difference if I know I could get them results, right? So to give you a little bit more context in terms of the performance and how that works uh to give you more background context in one week earlier this year uh inside our own business inside our own lead lead generation agency we generated 16 sales calls for a client of ours. Right? So in this picture all of these aqua colored ones they're the sales calls. Uh you can pause this video you can count it up. There are 16 of them over here. uh and we generate 16 qualified sales calls and if we do the math we were charging the client $250 per qualified sales call, right? So um we have 16 of them. So 16 * 250 uh basically I made $4,000 in this one week. And that month we actually made our client we actually made $7,500 from that one single client. and he actually came to us and said, "Hey, Jimmy, can you please pause the system for the rest of the month because he was simply signing too much clients and he needed to catch up on fulfillments, put some certain systems in place and hire different people to help him deliver his service, right? Uh so you see how profitable this payment structure is, right? The more meetings that you book, the more money you make, right? And that's exactly why I recommend this payment structure." Uh this is a a second picture. I actually threw this in here earlier today. Uh we see that uh it was Wednesday, November 1st. This was a client that uh we booked him a bunch of sales calls last week. So 1, two, three, four, five. We actually booked in five sales calls since Friday last week. Today is Thursday. Uh so within a week, we booked in five sales calls and we are charging $300 per qualified sales call. So across these five, we just made $1,500, right? Um so again the payment the performance payment model that's why it's so powerful and so effective right so the next thing is is now that we understand what is a lead generation agency and how they get paid the next one is why you should start at LGA why you should start a lead generation headed into 2024 and there's really three reasons why the first one is the incredibly high earnings potential we just looked at that in the payment structure if you book a lot the meetings, you're able to make a ton of money. The second one is the easy service fulfillment model. So again, I tried a bunch of different businesses and the lead genen agency by far is the easiest to fulfill for clients. And the third one is you will never run out of clients to work with. Uh so let me break each of these three points down uh for you. So number one is the high earning potential. So, in my own lead generation agency, I was able to go from zero dollars in October 2022 to $10,000 by December 2022. Right? So, uh that's 75ish days that it took me to go from 0 to $10,000 per month. And then beyond that, going from $0 a month to $24,000 in a single month, it took me roughly 120ish days. Right? So, um, within 4 months, I was literally able to transform my life and go from not making any money online to making $20,000 every single month, which is, you know, more than most people make in their jobs anyways. Uh, so that's how quickly and powerful this business model is. And, you know, had I had more, you know, had I had videos and resources like this, I probably could have made more money in a shorter period of time, right? because I obviously had to go and try different things and figure things out on my own. Uh so that took a little bit of time, but regardless, I was still able to go from 0 to $24,000 a month in 120ish days, right? I also know that a ton of other lead gen agency owners and many of them are making between 30 to $50,000 per month. And some other owners that I personally know, a few of them are actually making several hundreds of thousand dollars every single month, right? by building these client acquisition systems for different B2B companies uh effectively running their own lead generation agencies, right? And the way they all do this is by leveraging the payer call model, right? Which allows you to essentially make limitless amount of money once you understand and you get really good at the craft. In this case, get really really good at booking meetings, generating sales calls for different B2B businesses, right? uh your earning potential is really quite literally limitless. The second one is the easy service fulfillment. So back to the example that I gave of my backstory before I built my own lead generation agency. I actually tried drop shipping. I didn't include it in this slide, but I tried drop shipping and I actually ran an email marketing agency for e-commerce brands, right? And specifically for the email marketing agency, for that business to make money, I needed to learn a couple different skills. The first one was obviously how to book meetings for myself with e-commerce brands so that I could pitch them my email marketing service. But the second skill I needed to learn was how to once I signed them was how to actually deliver the email marketing, how to do the graphic designs, how to set up the flows, how to leverage the email newsletters, how to do the copywriting, stuff like that, right? So I needed to learn those skills which was quite a lot for a beginner like myself. Similar thing with the SMMA, a social media marketing agency where the first skill you need to know is number one how to book meetings with yourself with different brands so that you can run the Facebook ads for them and the second thing you needed to know is how to actually run the ads. So you need to learn two those two skills and both of which are really hard to learn by themsel right and the reason in my observation why 99% of people who have tried those different business models the SMA business model different agencies business models the reason why they failed is because the complexity of skills that's required in order to succeed with a lead generation agency however you really only need to learn one skill and that is how to generate leads for your own business, right? How to go and book sales calls with different B2B companies so that you could pitch them getting sales calls, right? So, you see how there's kind of that loop, right? Once you understand how to book meetings for yourself, how to fill your own calendar for your own business, you then take that same process, you tweak it a little bit obviously, right? Because every company is different. And you take that model and process and you apply it to your clients. So you're helping them also book meetings for the calendar. So the same way you go about booking meetings for your own business is the same way you go about booking meetings for your client's business, right? And that's kind of also why this is such an easy sell because on the sales calls, you're basically saying, "Hey, look, I did this for myself. I could do this for you." The third reason is you will literally never run out of clients. Right? Uh a quick Google search will tell you that there are more than three million B2B businesses in the US alone, right? Three million alone in the US, right? So that doesn't include Europe, that doesn't include Canada, where I'm from. That doesn't include Australia, New Zealand, and other English-speaking countries. And if you're able to speak other languages other than English, there's a bunch more B2B companies in those markets as well, right? Uh so basically what I'm telling you is there are millions and millions of B2B companies in the world. You will literally never run out of clients. The largest lead generation agencies, they occupy what 0.00001% of the markets. For myself, I have worked with roughly 50 clients. 50 is nothing compared to the several million of BTB businesses available. Right? So saturation is not really a problem the same way it is in other business models like SMMA where everyone is just working with the same few e-commerce brands. Um because there's simply so many different B2B businesses in the world, right? Uh and the other thing the one other thing that I want to highlight as well is if there's one thing that business owners care about, it's how to get more customers, how to get more sales, and how to make more money. So with this service as a lead generation agency, you are literally selling a service that people want. You're basically going up to these business owners and you're saying, "Hey, we will help you get more customers for your business." Right? That's basically what we're saying, right? So we're literally solving the one thing that they care about, how to make more money by getting more customers, right? Um so that's literally what that is. And you know, in summary, you will never run out of clients. Guaranteed, right? it's impossible. The next one is uh jumping right into it then right is the first step towards building your lead generation agency is creating your business name. So I want you to keep this part simple. I don't want you to spend more than 15 minutes doing this and it doesn't have to be anything fancy. Um, but what you need to do is, you know, you can use chat GPT. You can leverage that AI different to different AI tools to come up with a business name for you. But pretty much what you need to do is you need to pick a business name. And I'll tell you why. Right. So for myself, the lead generation agency that I have built is called Burough Group. And once you pick a name, you need to go on a website called Porkbun. Pretty much this is a website that allows you to buy the different email domains. And you just need to search the different business name that you want. Put.com.io whatever you want and search it and make sure that it is available. So once you know once you find a business name it's available I want you to check out and I want you to buy the business name. Once you have that you have that business name down the next thing you need to do is you need to choose your niche. Right? So when I was first getting started I spent way too long picking a niche and picking an industry. And what I have found is most people spend too much time on this as well, right? It's really not that important in the grand scheme of things. It's just a good way to get you started and push you in the right direction. So, my advice to you is to just pick a niche and go at it. Um, you know, think about it a little bit, but then don't spend too much time. Just choose one and do it, right? There's so many different B2B industries and niches uh that, you know, every niche works basically, right? As long as you uh spend a little bit of time on research, every single niche works. So the most popular lead genen agency niches that I have found is marketing agencies, coaches and consultants and SAS companies. Those are kind of the three most popular niches that I have seen uh from some of my peers who also run legion agencies. So as a beginner, I would advise you to perhaps choose a different industry. Uh, but if you did choose those three industries, you could most definitely still sign clients because there's still so many of them, right? But those are the three most popular ones. Um, you know, I, you know, while I was building this, I I searched up on chat GPT some other B2B niches to consider, uh, where, you know, outbound prospecting and doing lead generation activities will be effective. And we see 15 over here, right? So, I'm not going to read the entire list because there's simply so many. You could pause the video right here and take a picture of something, take a screenshot and read this in more detail. So don't again don't spend too much time on this. I'd say just spend the next 30 minutes max thinking about it. Uh think about if you have any specific experience in any BTV industry. So let's say um if for example you were interned at a marketing company maybe or you know maybe you tried building an SMMA before so you have a little bit of experience in terms of how those businesses work. Maybe you should consider choosing a marketing agency because you already understand a little bit what that looks like. Or maybe you studied let's say software engineering or computer science or computer engineering uh in university or college. Then what you could probably do is you could probably work with software development agencies because you understand how it kind of works. You could speak their language, use the terminology and it'll just be a much much easier learning curve for you, right? But again, I don't want you to spend too much time um thinking about this. It's really not that deep. It's not that not that hard. It's pretty simple stuff. Uh and just pick a niche and just go at it. Right? So that's how you would go and pick your niche. The next one is how to craft your offer. So once you have your business name, once you picked the niche and identified the industry and who you want to work with, the next thing you need to do is craft your own offer. Uh so what you need to do as a beginner with no experience or case studies is you need to craft a broad niche specific offer. So what that means is there's a lot of different people out there, some different gurus who tell you that as a beginner, you have to niche down. So for example, rather than saying I work with e-commerce brands, you need to say I work with gym and apparel e-commerce brands based out of New York. Right? That's very very specific. What I'm telling you instead is you need to go broad because when you're so specific, the amount of companies that actually that you can actually help is very very small. But when you go very broad, you're literally able to get your message out. You're little, you're able to connect with them and you're able to see, you know, which ones work and which ones don't and you're able to pivot really quickly, right? So, I want you to craft a broad niche specific offer. Uh, and here are the four things that you need in order to craft an effective offer. The first one is you need to create one that's clear with a measurable end result. The second one is your offer at least in the beginning should be 100% done for you. The third one is you need to create a unique mechanism. You need to come up with a unique name. This is marketing at the end of the day and you need to create some intrigue. And the fourth one is as a beginner with no case studies, you 100% need a risk reversal or guarantee. Uh and I'll get into that in a little bit, right? Uh so the format that you can use is I help a niche do your offer in time frame without common pain in niche using unique mechanism or else risk reversal. Right? So an example of this is I help marketing agency owners book 10 qualified sales calls every single month without relying on word of mouth using our done for you LGA framework or you don't pay. So that's how you create your offer. Uh, that was pretty much my offer last year in December when I first started and that's the offer that I used that got me to $10,000 a month. Now, in terms of risk reversals and guarantees, I know there's a lot of people who are a little bit skeptical about it. What I will say for that is when you're pitching these different B2B owners, when they know that you don't have any case studies, you really have to minimize the risk on their end, right? So, the number one way by doing this is doing the risk reversal and guarantee because basically you're saying if what you're doing does not work in the chance that that happens, um they don't have to pay, right? So, obviously with the setup fee, you're charging a little bit of money up front to pay for your tools and there might be some profit in there depending on how much a setup fee is. Um but you won't get paid on the paper performance. So basically, you're still getting the opportunity to go set things up, learn the actual craft. Uh and then once you get really good, you will start making a ton of money using the pay performance model, right? So that's kind of the idea behind it. Uh the second thing is is the market is one that it's kind of like natural selection. Just because you don't want to use a guarantee does not mean someone else will not. and the companies, the people that use guarantees are the ones that will sign the majority of the clients. Right? So, that's a second point. And I think the third point is at the end of the day is um really we are pitching a service that uh is relatively simple. If you're able to book calls for yourself, there should be no reasons why you can't book meetings for your clients. It's a very very similar process. Obviously, you got to tweak it again, like I said, but at the end of the day, it's not that different from booking meetings for yourself. So, this is pretty much how you go and craft your offer. Uh, you can pause this video. I strongly suggest you take the content here and build off of it. Uh, you could copy it if you want. Again, this is a offer that got me to $10,000 a month. Uh, but at the end of the day, the best way for you to learn it is to go and tweak it yourself. add in your own unique mechanism, your own niche, your own wording, stuff like that, and you see the most results the quickest way possible, right? But take what I have here and build off of it. I'm just helping you do this quicker. The next one is how to set up email accounts, right? So, now that we have the name, we chose a niche and industry, and we crafted your offer that you will go and approach to market, we have to start thinking about how will we actually contact these companies. So let's use marketing agencies as an example, right? The way we go about doing that uh is by using cold emails. Um you could do cold LinkedIn, although in my own agency that's a supplementary service on top of the emails and I do cold calling. But again, once again, it's supplementary to emails. So the way it works is I send out the cold emails and let's say the people who don't reply back, I bring it onto LinkedIn. I connect with them, I message them, right? But the people who do reply back, I pick up the phone or I have a setter actually who picks up the phone um who cold calls them, right? And that's the most effective. But obviously as a beginner, you don't have that much time. You don't have all the resources to go and hire cold callers, stuff like that. So I strongly suggest you stick with just cold emails. When I first started my business, I literally booked all my meetings, landed all my clients strictly using cold emails. So, um, this stuff still works, but obviously adding in a omni channel marketing and prospecting approach will get you better results, right? But jumping back to the video, uh, setting up email accounts, right? So, setting up the email accounts that are used for cold emails, it really has two different components. The first one is domains. So, you need to go and buy domains, whether that's off of Google domains, Squarespace domains. I've, you know, Squarespace recently bought the Google domains. That's why it's called Squarespace domains now. So Google domains doesn't work. Doesn't exist actually. Um so whether you buy from Squarespace domains, Parkbun or GoDaddy, it does not matter. These are just the domain buying platforms. Once you have the domain, you need to go and buy the email accounts. So you know there's really only two options here realistically. Um there is Google Workspace and Outlook 365 Business Basic. So, for my own agency, when I first started, I actually used Google and then I switched over to Outlook. So, these days whenever um I sign clients, all my email accounts that I have, they're all based off of Outlook. It's not really one is better than the other. It's just more of a preference. I just wanted to test Outlook versus Google. And once I switched over, I just never went back. Um, so with that being said, what I recommend is you set up three email accounts per one domain, right? And across each of those email accounts, I do not recommend sending more than 35 emails per day. And the reason why is because if you start sending, let's say, a 100 emails off of one email account, you will very quickly get yourself blocked. You will get that email account blacklisted and all the emails that you send will just end up in the spam folder. and no one will read it. So once you set up all the email accounts, you then need to use a email automation software, a email warming software uh to warm up these emails. We recommend a tool called Smartle.ai. I still use it in my own business. Um and pretty much what the email warming does is when we first buy these email accounts, they're brand new. We obviously can't take a brand new email inbox and go out and send 35 emails per day to you know when we the day before it was zero right the email count didn't exist. That's not how it works. So what the email warming softwares does is it emulates manually sending out emails. So on day one you might send three emails. Day two you might send seven emails. Day three 10 emails. Day four 15 emails. So on and so forth. So, you're slowly ramping it up and then the email software replies back to your emails. So, uh, so to Outlook and to Gmail, it looks like it's a legitimate, you're legitimately sending an email out to your friend and they're replying back, right? So, you need to do that for roughly two weeks, 14 days, um, in order to get your emails up to the up to a healthy level where you can start you using it for sales and marketing purposes. Right? So, over here is a screenshot of Smartly.ai. Um let I just you know searched in one of the domains that I have uh selei we see we have three email accounts and they're all being warmed up right now right so uh we are we also use the software and we still do it to this very day right so again you need to be warming up brand new email accounts for at least 14 days before you start using them for outreach the next one is setting up your LinkedIn account so you also need to have a LinkedIn account. Um, for the purposes of um, you know, starting your own lead generation agency, you obviously don't have the time or resources to, you know, look into and master the LinkedIn DMs. Um, this is something you could do once you understand the fundamentals of booking meetings over cold emails. Uh, but regardless, you still need a LinkedIn account. And the reason why is because when we're reaching out to people over email, let's say John Smith is reaching out. The thing is what I have learned is you will automatically be labeled as a scammer inside the receivers's brain unless proven otherwise. So what happens is when John Smith emails emails some emails let's say you what you might do is you will search up John Smith and see if he exists. You might search up the domain at the end of that email and see if it leads to any website or not at all. Right? And obviously if it not at all then you know it raises some alarm bells some red flags in your mind and that's the same thing right if you search up John Smith and you cannot find that person on Google on LinkedIn then that's automatic red flags as well. So what you need to do is you need to optimize your LinkedIn profile because it increases your credibility and when you reach out to different people and they search your name they will know that you are a real person who is not AI generated. Uh that's really popular these days. uh and that you are not a spam, you're not a scammer, those type of things, right? So, this is my own LinkedIn profile. Um you can probably search me up and you will probably find it as well, but this is my LinkedIn account. Uh we see that we put some content in there. Um but this is my LinkedIn profile. Uh and you could go and take this. This is pretty well optimized and uh this is the LinkedIn account that you know pretty much I was able to use to build credibility when I do my own outreach. So the next step is now that we have the cold emails down, we have your LinkedIn page built and optimized, the next step is to build your landing page. So the main goal of building a landing page is to kind of act as a sales website for your lead generation agency. So what you do is you need a landing page because if leads search you up they can see an actual website and know that you exist which means that this builds credibility for your outreach and your business. So what you can do is you can build a landing page using card.co and this process will take you probably two to three hours to complete. Uh it's really cheap as well. Card.co I think it's like $15 for a full year something like that. Uh, and that's what I use myself to build the website as well. I have tried other tools like Clickfunnels and Gohigh Level. Uh, they're much much more expensive. I think Clickfunnels is $197 every single month versus Card, which is like $15 a year. Uh, they basically do the same thing. And I actually built out a um a ClickFunnels page, but I changed back into card, right? Because I just simply think it's better uh for the value, right? So, your landing page should also have a video sales letter. Um, basically what a video sales letter is, VSSL for short. It's essentially a sales video, a video sales asset, that basically establishes number one, who you are, number two, who you help, number three, what your services are, and number four, what are the expected results of your service. So, basically, what the ROI is. At the bottom of your landing page should be a calendar link. Uh so we use calendar lead that's the you know calendar software that we use. Um and what we do is we attach it to the bottom of the video landing page. Um so that leads who come onto your they stumble across your website or they search you up they watch that video sales letter and if they're interested they're they want to learn more they'll then book a call with you. Right? So here is a screenshot of my own video on my own landing page. This is the one that we have used to, you know, get to zero to 20K a month really. Uh, obviously there's been some edits, right? Because we started working with some clients who started getting some results. Uh, but at least initially really the only key thing that you need is this video up here, uh, which is what you do at your company, how you get results, all of that stuff, and who you work with, right? So that's really the only thing that you need, right? So a little bit of background about what you do uh what the challenge the typical challenges your clients face uh and what your process is right. So uh at the end we have this you know this calendarly link so that people could book in for a sales call. So this is the landing page that uh we used this is the same one that we used to this very day because it's simply very effective. I know it does look a little bit amateur-ish, but at the end of the day, it doesn't really matter, right? What I have found is in the very beginning, I got really caught up in trying to make everything look really professional. Uh trying to look like I was out here running a multi-million dollar business, making eight figures a year. Uh but what I realized is those are all just very superficial stuff and you quite frankly don't really need any of those things. All you really need is a laptop, a internet connection, um you know, a camera like what I am doing now to film yourself and to prove that you're real and everything else is just complimentary, right? So, what you just need is to build something simple like this and this should get the job done. Don't over complicate it and don't spend too much time on it. Now that we have established all of those things, we're on to the good stuff, right? This is the part where a lot of people find really, really complex. they either don't know how to do it uh or they in their own or they're in their own heads about the complexity about this and that is how to write your own outreach scripts. So again, um the three channels that we use currently at our own lead generation agency is we book meetings using cold emailing, cold LinkedIn DMs, and cold calling, right? So this should say cold calling. Um but what I would advise you to do is obviously if you have the resources to do all three, the more the better omni channel marketing approach. But if you do not, especially as a beginner, I strongly advise you to stick to cold email. practice it, write some scripts, get really good at it. Once you're starting to book a few meetings a week with this, look into cold LinkedIn DMs and then look into cold calling, right? Uh, and master one at a single time. So, that's what I advise for you. Uh, but jumping right into the cold email script, there's a bunch of different YouTube videos on this. I actually made one on my channel as well, breaking down the different frameworks that we're seeing the most success with. Uh but basically the overall template that you should use is hey name you write something relevant maybe where you found them or something unique about them. Third one is the offer and then the last one is the CTA the call to action. So a example of this and yeah an example of this and this was the exact script that we used to get to 0 to $10,000 per month. I actually had to go back uh into the records and find this one. Uh the scripts are a little bit different now because we have case studies and stuff like that, but basically this was the email script we used that got us from zero to $10,000 a month. And it said, "Hey John, we found XYZ Marketing on Clutch Directory of top marketing agencies in New York. So thought I'd reach out." This green line over here is the relevant line. So where we found them and why we're reaching out. Next one is we help marketing agencies book 10 qualified sales calls every single month without relying on word of mouth using our done for you LGA framework or you don't pay. So that's the offer that we reviewed earlier in the video. That's the navy blue one that's basically saying this is what we do and this is what happens to lower your risk. And the third one, the CTA is any interest in exploring further. So again, this email script is extremely effective. There's a bunch of different ones out there. And obviously once you get really, really good at booking meetings, you know, try different things, right? Test different scripts, test different formats, and test different templates and see what works best. But as a beginner, especially if you never booked a single meeting off of code emails, just use this script because this script is guaranteed to work. I use this script to go personally go from zero to $10,000 a month. um clients that I work with who don't have that many case studies, I use this exact framework as well. So, I know that it works 100%. No BS, right? So, uh just use the script. I strongly recommend you, I strongly urge you to do it. If there's one thing you take away from this video is to use the script. The next one is the cold LinkedIn DM script. So, again, start looking into LinkedIn once you understand cold emailing and you're starting to get some results. But basically what we do is we target LinkedIn using three different messages. The first one is the desired outcome plus the qualifying question, right? So desired outcome plus qualifying question kind of where we found them and ask them a quick question. Message two is the content plus sales assets that you'd be creating because what we're seeing is sales assets is the best form of content, the best way to actually sell clients headed into 2024. And message three is the CTA, right? So, an example of our code LinkedIn DN D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D DMs is, "Hey, John, I might be able to send you appointments with qualified leads. Are you in the position to handle more sales appointments?" He replies. Message two, awesome. We put together a quick video that walks through the exact process that we use to generate marketing agencies 10 qualified calls every month with e-commerce brands. Any interest in taking a look? Right. So the sales asset in this case is the video walkthrough of the process we use to generate marketing agency's 10 qualified calls every single month. Right? So that's message two and message three is you know let's say to reply back. Message three is then cool John any questions about the process question mark because in the previous message we sent them the video. If you're not opposed to it why don't we set up 25 minutes on the calendar later this week to run through this in more detail. So, the CTA and basically asking if uh you know, why don't we set up a call, right? And then after this, you could send your calendar. Uh obviously, it's a little bit harder to script out DMs, especially on social media or LinkedIn because it's more of a conversation. And if let's say John after message one says, "Yeah, yeah, we are marketing agencies, but uh we already have plenty of appointments." Right? And obviously you have to be very flexible with it and be very conversational as opposed to just using scripts. Which is why I suggest you understand cold emails first. Once you understand that, then you could start looking into LinkedIn because you understand what the market wants, what the common objections are, and you can set up different conversation flows that really maximizes the efficiency of the DMs. So that's the code LinkedIn's DMs scripts. The next one is the cold calling script. This one is my favorite because uh cold calling is extremely effective if you understand how to do it. Um obviously a lot of people get really nervous, they get really they get anxious, they get really scared of cold calling, but in my opinion cold calling is really really effective and might be more effective than cold emailing at picking up the phone. I mean at at setting up sales calls. The reason why is because cold emails there's a delay from the time you send out the emails to let's say John and from the time John replies. That process does take a couple hours at the shortest. But usually it does take a couple days, right? So it will take you a couple days from the time you send the email to the time you hop on that, you know, on that Zoom call to talk with him and to close him, right? But cold calling on the other hand is as long as you have the number, you just pick up the phone and you're able to talk directly to John, have a small little conversation and book him into uh the next sales conversation. So it's very quick the inputs and the outputs. Uh and that's exactly why it's so effective. So with the code cost scripts, the template that we use is start with a permissionbased opener, then the relevancy plus problem statement, and then the value ad plus CTA. Right? So out here in Toronto on any given day I probably get two or three scam callers basically asking uh hey are you the homeowner? Do you need to clean your ducks? Right? So that's the I guess the common scam out here in Toronto. I'm not sure if let's say you're from US or Europe or Australia or something like that what those scams are but the second they call there's already red flags going on and that's because the way and what they're saying right? So, what we're doing instead is you need to be using a permissionbased opener. And I've cold called thousands of leads. And this is by far the most effective, right? So, basically, I'm saying, "Hi, John. This is Jimmy at Burough Group. You're not expecting my call. Do you have 45 seconds? I promise to be brief." So, you're basically addressing the elephant in the room by saying that you're not expecting this call. You're basically saying this is a cold call. And then you're asking for permission to continue. You're basically saying, "This is a cold call, John. You're not expecting this. Do you have 45 seconds to chat more? I promise to be brief." Right? So, you see how much more effective that opener is versus the scam calls that you might be getting. So, once you get past that permissionbased opener, they say, "Sure, Jimmy. Uh, I have 30 seconds. Please carry on." You might say, "I found XYZ Marketing on Clutch, so I thought I'd reach out. I'm curious to hear. Are you currently using any outbound strategies to book consistent sales calls every single week for XYZ marketing? Right? So you're saying the relevancy where you found them. You might add in where you find the number and then you are tackling it from the problem statement. So the problem that we are solving as a LGA is booking more sales calls. So you might say uh we have a strategy. Are you currently booking sales calls using anything or not getting calls? Are you relying on referrals word of mouth? That's the second one. And the third one, which is the value ad plus CTA, is after you have that conversation, John replies. You might say, "John, I did promise that I'd be brief and I know that you're very busy. Would it be a terrible idea to grab a few minutes early next week to learn and walk you through how we could be of help?" Right? So, um, that's what we are saying. Uh, obviously cold calling is the most complex form of booking calls because if you think booking calls over a DM need to be conversational, this is 100% conversational, right? You have to be able to come up with effective conversation on the fly, right? You don't have time to just stop, pause 10 minutes to think about it, and then come back to John. No, John replies back with an objection, with some information that you don't know about, and you have to be very quick with it and learn what you could do to move that conversation forward. and book that next sales call. Right? So, this is pretty much the cold calling script. Uh, it took me this this entire thing probably took me, I'd say half a year to master. I tried a bunch of different things, and this is really just a cold call script that I have learned, right? I took a lot of different courses, searched online, watched a bunch of YouTube videos, and this is by far the most effective that I have found. Okay, awesome. So we have reviewed how to uh book meetings using cold calling, cold emailing, cold LinkedIn DMs. But what about inbox management, right? We can't forget about that. We have reached out to these people, but people are replying back to us. Now, this process is called inbox management. And in the beginning, I spent a lot of my time on a day-to-day basis, probably an hour a day replying back to emails, stuff like that. And eventually, I brought on a inbox manager. uh pretty much a virtual assistant that I pay $4 an hour um who does this process for me. So after I figured it out, the process became pretty much automated. I was waking up to booking five to six calls on my calendar every single day. And I use those inbox managers for my clients as well, right? But pretty much we finally got replies, but the job is not done just yet. Usually the leads, they're asking some form of question. Um you know, they might be asking you how does this work? What's your pricing? Do you work with marketing agencies that specialize in the cannabis niche? So, what you need to do is you need to be able to reply back to them and objection handle them, right? So, your goal at the end of the day is just to get more replies and then once you start getting replies back, you're trying to book them onto a sales call with you. So, typically we get replies like this. Hi, Jimmy. You know, the pitch went to your website to save some time. Blah blah blah blah blah. What's the pricing? Right? So, uh people are asking what's your pricing? Right? This guy is uh asking us a different type of question. Do you use your own brand to do this? Please send your pricing. Um your product looks really interesting. Should we get on a call? So, we get a bunch of these different replies. Again, the common replies are what's the pricing? How does this work? Do you work with XYZ type of companies in this specific niche, this specific industry? So, you need to be able to reply back to these people in a very specific objection handling way. Uh, and once you're able to do that, this is where the money is made. It's really pretty simple really. Um, you just really have to understand and answer the question while leaving some intrigue. So, for example, when people ask us about the pricing, like in some of these examples, um, what I typically do is I don't reply back and say, "Hey, we charge $10,000 plus $500 per call." Right? That's not a real pricing. But to keep the number simple, right? We don't say stuff like that. We usually answer the question without answering the question. We might say something like, "Hey, Jake. Uh, thanks for your reply. Uh, to answer your question, every client we work with, the pricing is a little bit different depending on scope of work. Why don't we set up a time later this week if you're not opposed to it to run you through the system and to talk about pricing in more detail?" Right? So, I might say something like that. Um, I think that's actually pretty similar to the our our actual replies that we use for pricing uh pricing objections. Um, so that's a little bit of sauce, a little bit of golden nuggets for you. Uh, but that's pretty much what the inbox management is about. So great, we got replies, we answered the questions, they're interested in talking and learning more. Now we got them onto the sales call. This is the part where I love most about my agency, about my lead generation agency. And once you're able to get leads to jump on a call, that's where the fun starts. So, what you'll be doing is you'll be taking these calls on either Zoom or Google Meets. Uh I personally use Zoom. I bought uh I think I bought an annual subscription, but Google Meets works really well as well, and I think Google Meets is free. Uh you're going to have to fact check me on that because I never used it before. Um, so across the roughly 50 clients that I have inside my own lead generation agency, I have one called closed almost every single one of them. I think I was able to collect money within a 30 to 45 minute call with them and there might be only three or four of them that I needed to hop on a second call. So this is a process that I'd say I have pretty much mastered. Um, and one that is very efficient. So there's a bunch of people online, you know, maybe if you start a SMMA, what people do is a lot of people push the idea of doing two call closes. So the first call might be jumping on with the lead, understanding them, building rapport, building trust, and then the second call is actually pitching a service. So what I do is I do it all in one call because why not, right? What's the point of having two calls when you could do it in one call? the fastest amount of time I have taken to go from meeting someone for the first time on Zoom towards collecting money at the end of the call often you know three four $5,000 as a setup fee is 15 minutes right so I remember when I first did that I was really really shocked but the reason I tell you that story is to really put in perspective no you do not need to take two calls or three calls to close someone you can absolutely do it in one call and anyone who tells you otherwise either is just not that good at sales or they don't know what they're talking about. Right? So, for me to one call closed people, cold leads that I have never ever spoken to before, there's a general format that I follow on all my sales calls, right? The first one is the intro plus agenda. The second one is the discovery questions plus disqualified unqualified prospects. The third one is actually pitching my agency services. How we go about booking meetings, explaining our process, the walkthrough of our process of how we help them. And the fourth aspect is closing them plus objection handling. So, jumping right into it, uh, this part is very hard to do because again, similar to cold calling, it's really hard to follow templates because you ask a question and that person could answer the question in 10,000 different ways and it's not always that predictable. But there are some general guidelines, some suring questions that you always want to be asking your prospects, the people on the Zoom call, the Google Meets call to get some information out of them. And I want to share them with you. So, in terms of the intro plus agenda, what I always do is I start off, I jump on the call and I say, "Hey, John, where are you calling in from today?" Sometimes what I do is I do some research on them on LinkedIn. I might see that John came from New York. I might say, "Hey, John, I actually looked at your LinkedIn profile. I saw you're in New York. How's the weather there today?" Right? Or, "How's it there today?" Don't spend too much time on this. Um, we don't want to kill the time. run up, you know, run up the minutes by using, you know, small talk. It's really just to break the ice. So that's what I always do. Where you calling in from today? He might say, I'm calling in from New York. I'll say, awesome, John. I'm in Toronto, Canada. It's really cold up here. And then I jump into it. John, we have a little bit under 45 minutes pencil in today. The purpose of this conversation is I know we reached out to you over cold email or cold call, whatever that is, and we talked briefly about what we do, but I'm curious to hear, John, what piqu your interest to set up this call today. Right? So, we're throwing the ball back into their court and we're trying to understand what exactly it is they're trying to learn on this 45m minute call, where they're at, that type of thing. Right? So once we get that information, we get that intro out of the way, here are some certain discovery questions that you should probably be asking uh that will help you learn more about the business, understand if you can help them, and if you feel like you cannot help them, it will allow you to disqualify the leads, right? So couple of these questions are, you know, what are your current strategies to book more sales calls? So you're basically asking what they currently did to do that. The second question is, have you ever considered using cold outbound to generate meetings? So for example, using code emailing, code calling, code LinkedIn to book meetings. This is a question I did not have in the beginning. And this is one that I just pretty much learned with experience because there's a lot of people uh especially if you're chatting with a little bit older people, older business owners, they might not like the idea of using cold emailing or cold LinkedIn because they don't understand how it works. So they just never considered it. So what I would do in those case is depending on how that conversation is going, I might either give them a little bit more background context of how it works and how effective it can be. Uh but if it seems like they're just resistant to change, I would just disqualify them and go on to the next call. Right? So I I figured out that this question is extremely important, asking them if they've ever considered using outbound. The next question is you're asking to figure out what are their goals with something like this. Are they looking to book a certain amount of calls? Are they looking to build an audience? Uh are they trying to make more money? And if so, what is their specific revenue targets that they're looking to hit? Stuff like this. Um you know, I I ask this question all the time. And then after that, what I do is I try to understand their business. So before I even jump on these calls, oftent times I search up their their website. I take a look at what their services are. Uh I search them up on LinkedIn. just get a general feel that process takes me like 2 three minutes so not really too long. I do this right before the call. Uh but I still ask them what's your offer and what is the specific service and product that you sell and to who right? So I ask those type of questions to understand the business hear it directly from them even if I see it on the website because sometimes it might be a little bit different and there's some extra clarification that's needed especially if they're selling a little bit more complex of a service. So once you get the discovery questions and the disqualification process out of the way, the next part is actually pitching a service. So uh what I always start by saying is so so John what we do at Burough Group, what we do at our agency is we do X Y and Z. And at this point I walk through the process. Um so we help marketing agencies like you book qualified sales calls, book 10 qualified sales calls every single month using code emailing, code LinkedIn, code DMs. Um so you walk through that process at the end of that uh you will give your pricing structure. So John the way pricing works in our business is we will require a small onetime setup fee. That setup fee is 2500. Pretty much that fee helps us to pay for all the email domains, the LinkedIn accounts, the phones, stuff like that. It's a onetime fee. And after that, we transitioned to a pay perqualified call model where every single qualified call that we book you cost $2,500. Cost $250, sorry, not $2500, right? Um, so that's actually exactly what I say, which is why I was able to just say it right now because that's exactly what I say to clients, right? So that's the pricing structure. And then you would answer any questions they might have about your process, right? So how does this work? Um, you know, how many emails are you setting up? How many emails are you sending? What's your communication like with different clients? Those type of questions. Uh you would it would be at this point where people are asking them and you would just answer them and move them along that sales line. Right? So after this process of pitching a service, you would then go into closing plus objection handling. Right? So what you'd say is at this point you're trying to close the deal. Um, pretty much what I say is this is my closing line is after I explain my services, the process, the pricing, answer the question, I'll say, "So, John, uh, this is pretty much what I wanted to chat with you about today. Uh, this is pretty much how we go about booking 10 qualified sales calls every single month. I'm curious to hear where do you want to go with this?" So, I'm throwing it back in their court at this point. they re they understand what I'm really trying to say here except in a low sales pressure type of way. Uh and then I'd say something like on a scale of 1 to 10, John, 10 being you clearly see how we can help and one being this service is complete garbage, complete trash. Where are we kind of at on that scale, right? They'll give you a number and depending on where that number is. If they say six, then you got some work to do, you loop back and pitch your services again by throwing in more value. If they say nine, they say 10, then you go for the close, right? Um, then you go in for the close, they might hit you with some objections. They might say, "I need to think about it. I don't have the money. I need to speak with my partner." There's a lot of different resources that I personally went through to learn how to diffuse these objections. The format that I use is the objections is I number one understand them and then I deliver more value. Right? So the reason they're giving you objections is because two really two reasons is either they don't believe that your service will get them the results that they need or that is worth it of their investment or the second one is legit logistical reasons, right? They actually don't have money, right? They might be in a lot of credit card debt. They have five bucks in their bank account. They have nothing, right? So obviously they can't buy anything or they actually have a business partner that they need to chat with. But that's obviously something that you should have found out earlier in the call, right? So that's objection handling. Um, this is a picture I just threw in, right, of a client paying us $6,000. So the agreement that I have with that client is he would be paying us $6,000 every single month plus pay performance, right? So I was able to close a deal where I was able to get $6,000 every single month on a 25m minute call. Took me 25 minutes to close him from the second I met him on Zoom. Uh, and this is a know a little more screenshot of some of the deals that I closed, right? A lot of them are $2,500. You know, we have one $3,000 setup fee. I obviously have a bunch more of these, but this is just some examples, right? Uh, of the setup fees that we are closing for our business pattern really. So, basically the process, uh, I titled this slide secure the bag because I thought it was pretty funny. Uh but pretty much the loop is you book calls, you close clients, you take payments, you deliver for clients, and then you rinse and repeat, right? And this is a process that is extremely repeatable. And that's part of the reason why I'm telling you in the beginning why building a lead generation agency business is what I feel like to be the best business model for beginners and why I was able to succeed at the speed that I was able to do it. Right? So, make sure and ensure that you put systems in place to help you free up time or else you run into golden handcuffs. So, for example, after I signed two clients, uh after I made I think I was around 5,000 per month, I hired an inbox manager who took care of the inbox management, right? Uh after I made a little bit more money, uh I hired someone to help me set up the domains, the LinkedIn accounts, stuff like that. These are all things that you could do with virtual assistants for a couple bucks an hour. Um, so it's not like you're spending thousands of dollars every single month on employees. Realistically, this stuff will all cost you couple hundred, $200 a month to do uh to pay for these employees and team members. Um, but that is the process of how you would secure your bag and ensure you don't run into golden handcuffs. So, what's next is at this point, you know, you've been in this video. If you're still here, it's been an hour. Um, and while I tried my best to include everything, there's still way more to learn about building a lead generation agency. And none of this is easy, right? This is simple, but not easy. So, I don't want you to think it's easy at all. For those who are not serious, feel free to take everything I've given you today and leave. I've given you enough information for you to go and build your own lead generation agency without any case studies or prior experience. All of this information I wish I had when I first got started because it would have accelerated the process. So everything I told you today is enough for you to go and sign your first client. But for those who want to learn more and are serious about building a lead genen agency, I have something special for you. So what I do is I offer a personalized live and tailored one-on-one help through, you know, through a mentorship program, right? This is a fully comprehensive live done for you program where pretty much you get to work with me one on-one as we build out your own lead genen agency from complete scratch to making $10,000 a month or from where you are right now and bringing and scaling you up to $10,000 per month. Right? So every single week we would meet on a Zoom call for roughly a oneh hour live call. Uh that way this is way more interactive, way more fun and way more valuable. You can ask me any questions that you have and you will get a reply right away and you can talk to me in person uh and talk about anything really that will help you to grow and scale your business between the weeks of these onehour zoom calls. Uh you will be coached via Discord. So um I'll be adding you into a Discord community and you'll be able to shoot me DMs uh any questions you want such as how does this work? These are the sales objections I'm getting. not booking enough calls and I will reply back to you with how I would personally suggest you proceed towards overcoming these hurdles and challenges. So any questions you have about anything at any time, uh you would just shoot me a DM on Discord. And the last thing is is there's also a community of people who are also building the lead genen agencies together, right? So a lot of those people similar to the people I showed you above, they were just like you, right? They did not have any clients. They didn't have business experience, but yet they were still able to make their first few thousand dollars online. Um and they're all part of the community. So if you have any questions, if I can't answer them, they can answer them, right? Or any insights that they have that I do not have, they could provide that as well. And pretty much you're able to build up your network. And the idea is so that everyone can learn from each other inside the community. So like I said, uh this program, this mentorship program is not for everyone. So due to the results that I have been able to achieve for myself, due to the fact that I'm still running my own lead genen agency as well, uh, and due to the fact that we've been able to get results for our students, obviously this is not cheap, right? So this is only for serious people who know and who know that they have skin in the game, right? If you want to learn all of this stuff for free, you could go on Google, you can watch different YouTube videos. Uh, I have tons of content on my page. But if you want to accelerate the process um and see guidance and understand how to do it in a very quick amount of time uh you need to have skin in the game. Right? So this is for people who are ready to start their own lead generation agency or scale their existing one. We have people in the community from all walks of life in all different shapes and sizes. Again for myself I was able to go from zero to $24,000 in a single month in roughly four months. If I had something like this, I probably could have done it in three months, maybe even less, right? But I had to go and um figure all of this stuff out. I had no one who could provide mentorship and show me and answer any of my questions. So, it obviously took me a little bit more time, right? But uh that's the kind of the idea behind all of this, right? Is to accelerate that process to give you guidance. So, what's covered inside the program? So remember the program is completely tailored to suit your exact needs and everything you are currently struggling with. But these are the couple few things we will cover. Right? So obviously there's a bunch of stuff. So I might be forgetting some stuff but this is the highlevel concept of what will be covered. The first one is the decision-making process to making six figures a year. So how to make good decisions and what is the mindset you need to approach all of these challenges from. The second one is how to craft the six-figure offer that people actually want. The third one is how to generate 100 plus sales calls every single month with cold outreach. How to find top-notch inbox management and the hiring funnel process. So, we'll be going over that as well. The next one is the onboarding funnel and the client success SOPs. So, how to onboard clients and get them the really really great results. The next one is how to close complete strangers for $5,000 plus on a single 40 minute Zoom call. The next one is the objection handling and the science of closing a sale. After that is how to beat the competition by getting your clients the best possible results. After that is how to set meetings with cold email outreach, social media DMs and cold calling. So how to set meetings using those those three channels. And after that is the case studies and uh obviously when you're starting you don't have any case studies but after you start signing some clients and getting some really great results how to start building up your case studies and using funnels to accelerate your client acquisition process. Right? So these are just some of the few things that are covered inside the program. Obviously there's a bunch more stuff but this is what I came up with when I was putting this stuff together. So what you will get again is you will get live unmatched interactive training where I share my screen. I walk you through the exact processes. You get to see every button I'm clicking on and you can stop me at any time to ask me why. Right? That's extremely valuable because any questions you possibly have about building a lead generation agency, I'll be able to answer them in live time and get you the answer that solves all of your concerns and what you know question marks that you have. Right? The other thing that you'll be getting is basically the exact copy and paste of my own business, right? I'll be giving you all the scripts, all the templates, all the contracts, the website templates, the VSSL templates, everything. They're all built out for you and given to you completely for free. All you pretty much have to do is change the logos, change the names in the contracts, uh change the wording inside the websites, stuff like that, but they're all given to you for free. So, our offer to you is a couple things, right? What I'll be doing for you is I will personally help you pick your niche and pick the industry that you will work with that we've seen to be the best and give the quickest and most best results. The second one is I will write all your cold email scripts, all your cold LinkedIn DM scripts, and all your cold calling scripts for you. So, I will personally write them out for you. The third one is I will review your sales calls with you over a Zoom call. Just record them and we will review them. And the fourth one is I will provide you clarity on next steps to build your agency. And the best part is is if you do not get to $10,000 per month within six months of working with me, I will refund you all your money. So basically, you won't have to pay, right? If you don't get any results, right? Because we're so confident, right? Again, I've been able to do this inside of my own agency. I went from 0 to 10,000 a month in 75 days. There's no reason why you can't do it in six months at the longest, right? And we have students inside of the program who are doing that as well, right? So, this stuff is guaranteed to work. Guaranteed. So, for those of you who are tired of procrastinating and want to build something real, I'll leave my calendar link below. Uh, click on it and use that to book in a strategy call with me. Right? So what is this call? So while this call is not a free coaching call, neither is it a pitch or a highressured sales call, right? It's simply a conversation between you and I to really determine where you're at right now, what kind of your business goals are, where you're trying to go in the next couple weeks, next couple of months. uh we will try to understand what you will need to get there and then if and only if it makes sense uh you know maybe we will work together right so this call is not for luck or for those who just want to book a call to see you know what it's all about right my time is precious I have my own legion agency to run I have clients to work with and I have a team to attend to so please be respectful so that's pretty much this video uh again if you want to learn more about how you can go and build your own lead generation agency. Click the link in down below and book in a time with the calendar.