Hey, so in this video I want to quickly break down what exactly is AI lead generation, how it all works, how it stacks up against all of the other business models that you probably see online, and why this is one of the best online opportunities for those who are looking to build consistent, reliable income online without having any previous business experience. Now, if you feel like I'm just talking a little slow or it's a little bit boring, please feel free to bump this up to 1.5x speed. But really do try to stick with me here because this is a business model that most people don't even know exists yet and it's one that's working incredibly well right now in 2025. So, if you're thinking about starting an online business with the goal of financial freedom, more time, more flexibility, and really just the ability to work from anywhere, then I want to show you how a threeline email just like this one paired with a growing billion-dollar industry according to Forbes alongside the growing adoption of AI is responsible for checks like these. $2,500, $3,800 that actually got me to my very first $10,000 month while working less than two hours a day thanks to a simple skill that I learned just a few years ago that really anyone can learn. Now, I know what you might be thinking. Ah, this is, you know, this sounds way too good to be true, just another get-richquick promise. But it's not. Because if you got five to 10 hours a week to just start something new and you want a real online opportunity that's actually simple to start and doesn't require learning a ton of technical skills that isn't a random trend that would just randomly disappear in 6 months, then let me show you what AI lead generation actually is. Because right now there are three massive economic forces that are really coming together to create a new window of opportunity that most people don't even know is happening. The first major force is there are millions of businesses all around the world that need help getting new clients and getting new customers with Harvard Business Review even reporting that 65% of businesses say that client acquisition is their biggest challenge and that's a huge painful problem and it's just everywhere. Now the second force is because of this there are more marketing and sales needs now more than ever before and one of the most effective ways to get new clients is still through cold emails especially when it's actually done properly because businesses they want help with this they just don't know how to do it themselves and combine all three of these with the third force which is with AI just stepping in which helps write these emails send these emails and just do all of the manual and tedious work automatically. So this is work that would have been very hard and just taken a ton of time to do even just 5 years ago. So when you combine these three massive forces, a massive unmet need, a proven way to get new clients, and AI that handles most of the work, this creates a massive new window of opportunity. And right now, we're still in what economists call the early adopter phase. Because most people have just never even heard of AI lead generation. If we're being honest, you probably haven't heard of this either before this video. And I know this sounds kind of crazy because businesses will gladly pay a,000, 2,000, or even up to $3,000 a month or more for someone who can help them bring in new clients and new customers into their business because you're solving the single biggest problem that they have. And when you do this right, AI handles most of the work for you because you're not cold calling. You're not running ads. You're not some sales expert. You're just helping businesses get more conversations with buyers and you're using modern tools to just do this more effectively because you're essentially connecting businesses with potential clients, acting as the middleman that they need to grow, and you're leveraging AI to generate leads for businesses. And I say all of this because I lived myself because a few years ago I was working a normal nine-to-five job, just doing everything right, but I just felt stuck and I just felt unfulfilled like I was just trading all of my time for a paycheck with no real flexibility and no real freedom. And I wasn't looking for some trendy side hustle, right? I just wanted a real low complexity way to just earn reliable income online. And that's when I found about this model, AI lead generation. And with AI lead generation, you're essentially generating leads for businesses on autopilot in a way where you're just driving new revenue on demand. Because when I got started and landed my first clients, it was a recruitment agency that paid me $3,000 to help them get more leads. And that was back in 2022. And I've kept going since. And now I make regular checks for $5,000 or $6,000 a month consistently working fully online on my own schedule. Not because I did anything crazy, right? but because I got started and I stuck with it. And this isn't just my experience because this is a massive growing industry with studies showing that lead generation is already a billion-dollar challenge for most businesses. And in fact, Forbes actually predicts that by 2031, lead generation will be a $ 31 billion industry. So, just think about that for just a second. Businesses are literally spending billions just trying to figure out how to get more customers. And you just need to know how to use the right tools and show up with the right offer. Now, you're probably wondering, "So, how exactly do you actually show up with the right offer? And how do you actually land clients?" So, remember this three-line email that I showed you earlier? Well, this email written by AI made me $3,000 and it landed me my very first client, a recruitment agency who paid me to help them find more clients for their business. And this is what we call a cold email. And if you've never heard of that before, a cold email is just a short friendly message that you send to a business owner where you're kind of just introducing yourself and explaining how you can help them get more clients. So just think of it like saying hi to someone at a networking event, except you're doing it through email and completely from your laptop. And the best part is is that AI can actually write and send these emails for you. Because if you can clearly show a business how you save them time, how you can help them get more customers, and how you can help them make more money, they'll want to work with you. It's really that simple. So, I sent that initial cold email to the business owner, and they replied back interested in jumping on a call to discuss how I can help them with getting more clients for their business. And on that call, I just had to again just show them how I'm helping them make more money by sending cold emails to find new clients and generate leads. And they were ready to get started. And once I signed them as a client, here's what I was actually doing for them. Just to be super clear what this service actually is. I was using cold emails to help them book qualified sales calls with their ideal clients. That's it. No selling, no taking the calls myself, just sending emails on my client's behalf that got potential buyers onto their calendar. And it's kind of the exact same strategy that I use to land them as a client in the first place. except the difference is as doing it on their behalf for their business because you're essentially offering a donefor you lead generation service powered by AI and the focus is on helping them solve the biggest problem that they have which is getting more clients and this isn't some kind of get-richqu scheme or some kind of make money hack. This is a real business and like any real business, it takes time and it takes effort to actually master because this isn't some kind of passive income side hustle. This isn't a press a button and get rich type of deal. It requires real work and effort. But the reason this works so well is because it only takes one to two hours a day once you're fully up and running. You could do this fully remotely on your own schedule. You're solving a real expensive problem for businesses. And AI, it actually handles 80% of the work for you. But just to be super clear, AI lead generation isn't for everyone. Because if you're not willing to just talk to people or put in focused work a few hours a day, this isn't going to be for you. And if you're expecting to just make money without spending anything, this won't be a fit either, right? Because to run this business properly, you will need to invest around $300 to $500 per month into the different softwares and into different tools that actually automates this process. So, while you won't need tens of thousands of dollars like you would if you were doing Amazon FBA or real estate, this isn't free either. But if you're someone who is looking to build a real income creating skill, who wants to actually add value into the world and leverage AI to earn income on your own terms, then AI lead generation is the simplest online business model for anyone looking to create an additional source of consistent reliable income online. Even if you have no business or sales experience, even if you're not techy, and even if you're just doing this part-time on nights or on the weekends. Now, this video was meant to be a quick explainer of what AI lead generation is and how it all works. And if you want to learn the specific ins and outs of this business model and how to actually use AI to deliver lead generation services for businesses, then check the first link in the YouTube description below where I put together a full deep dive video breaking down how AI lead generation works step by step. So, if you're still interested about exploring this further, then you find the link in the description down below.