All right. So, in this video, I'll be explaining exactly how you can start your own AI lead generation business in literally under 15 minutes. And this video is going to be a highle video. There's not going to be like a lot of And basically, the goal is is if you are looking to start an AI lead generation business and all the videos out there just seem so confusing or all these different, you know, resources online, it's just really complex. You have a bunch of questions, you don't really understand how it works. This video will answer all of your questions and show you exactly what AI lead generation is and the key steps that you want to take in order to go from zero just starting your own AI lead generation business to getting it to a point where you have a couple clients. You're making five grand a month, 10 grand per month, sometimes even more. And this video will show you exactly how to do that, right? And the reason I'm making this video is because again, there's just so much noise on the internet. Everyone's just trying to sell you a course, trying to sell you some information. and I'm here just to give you all the information for free. So, let's get right into it. So, the very first step is you want to pick a niche, but not just a niche, but you want to pick a B2B industry, meaning a business that sells to another business. And once you do that, very, very simple to do that. You could literally go on to, you know, ChatBT and literally say, "Hey, I am looking to sell lead generation services to B2B industries. Can you give me a list of them?" Right? And it's going to generate you a massive list of different B2B industries. And once you do that, there's a couple different things that you need to make sure that the niche that you are looking to work with actually has. The first thing is you obviously need to understand how they actually make money, right? Because you can't just, you know, the biggest mistake that people make is they just think that they could just copy some other dude's nit niche online. They copy my niche and they could just copy that word for word and they'll go and randomly make, you know, 10 grand per month, right? That is not true. The biggest thing that separates someone who is able to see a lot of success with this and someone who spend months just, you know, trying a bunch of different things and not seeing any results is the person who does the actual thing and makes a lot of money. They fully understand how the niche actually works. They're not just blindly picking a random niche and calling a day. Now, the next point is the niche that you pick, it has to have a clear value proposition. So, here's what I mean by that. there. You will come across different businesses that are selling like all these random different products or services and after you do some research, you go on their website, you go on to LinkedIn, you still don't know what they do, right? And the reason why you still don't know what they do is probably because they just don't have a very clear value proposition. So, what you want to do instead is you want to choose a type of business, a niche where it's super obvious what they do. So, for example, if you're choosing recruitment agencies, you know exactly what recruitment businesses do, right? They're obviously going to these different businesses, these different companies that are looking to hire a very specific role and they're basically finding these talents and finding these candidates to fill that job role. That's a very clear value proposition. So, you want to make sure that the niche that you pick has a very clear value proposition. And finally, you want to make sure that the niche that you choose, the average deal size is over $5,000. Meaning that for every single client or customer that they end up working with, they're making at least $5,000. So, for example, back to the recruitment agency example. Recruitment agencies usually how they get paid is they charge 20 to 30% of someone's base salary, a candidate's base salary. So meaning if I am working with a recruitment agency and they are placing let's say an engineer who makes six figures a year, 100 grand a year, they're making 30 grand, right? That's well over $5,000, which also means that they're making enough money to pay me, right? If that recruitment agency is making $30,000 for every new client that they bring on and I'm helping them bring on new clients, they could obviously pay me $3,000, $4,000, $5,000 per month. Now, on the other side, if let's say I'm working with a business that's selling, let's say, water bottles, right? Well, you really shouldn't because probably that business selling water bottles is selling B2C. But let's assume they're selling water bottles and they're selling it for, let's say, $20 per water bottle. Obviously, it's going to be very hard from a mathematical point of view for them to pay me three, four, $5,000 per month if they're only making, let's say, $20 per water bottle. Right? So, these are the three requirements for picking a niche. And that's step number one, picking a niche. Now the second step is creating an offer. And what that means is this is a basically an offer is basically a simple sentence where you are telling people exactly who you are, what you do, and how you're helping them do what you say that you can help them. So there's really a couple here. [snorts] So there's real so there's really a couple key steps that you need to make sure in order to craft the actually good offer. The very first thing is you need to have a clear measurable outcome. So basically the most important thing when it comes to having an offer is when you go up to a random business owner and you tell them hey we will help you generate leads that's not a bad offer but it's not exactly a measurable outcome right because you don't have any numbers what does more leads mean. So what it means to have a clear measurable outcome is you want to use numbers you want to be very specific as you can. So rather than saying hey we will help you generate more leads you can say something like hey we will help you generate 5 to 10 qualified book calls in the next 30 days. So notice how different the second version of the offer is compared to the very first version, right? The second version is very specific, has specific numbers and tells you exactly how much like what you're getting from a tangible point of view and the timeline, right? So you want to have a clear measurable outcome. You wanted to solve a big massive problem that they have, which also ties back into doing research. Why exactly would let's say these recruitment agencies or these marketing agencies or these software companies, why would they want to work with a lead generation business? You want to make sure that what you're talking about is done for you. Meaning you're doing the entire service, right? There's different types of services. There's done for you, there's done with you, there's do-it-yourself. And obviously, I'm not going to sit here and explain in detail what all three of those things mean. All you have to understand is with this type of service, with your own AI lead generation business, you're offering done for you services. Meaning, you will be in charge of doing everything from helping them build their leads list to helping them put together the messaging to help them book calls. you're doing everything for them which is why it's called done for you. Now the next step is you want to have a clear time frame. So again similar to the point of having a clear measurable outcome you want to use specific numbers. You want to tell them hey we will do XYZ for you in the next 14 days in the next 30 days in the next 60 days. You want to have a very clear time frame. And finally you want to have a risk reversal or a guarantee. Right? So, a lot of you guys, a lot of people who might be watching this video right now, maybe maybe you're starting your own AI lead generation business and you have no case studies, you have no testimonials, right? You have no client success stories. And that's completely fine. All of us literally start from there. I remember when I first got started three years ago, I also didn't have any case studies or testimonies or client success stories. That's completely fine. But the number one thing that you need to do if you want to sign clients without having any case studies is you need to have a very good risk reversal or some kind of guarantee. And when I say guarantee, a lot of people think that they need to go out and offer these like crazy refund guarantees or hey, we will do XYZ and if we don't, we'll send you $1,000. You do not need to have any of those different type of guarantees. Really, all you need to do is you just have to figure a way to minimize and in some cases reverse the risk onto your client, right? And if let's say the service that you offer it just doesn't work that well or you're not able to get results, how do you prevent risk from your clients? And there's different ways you could do this. There's work for free guarantees. Hey, we will work with you for free until we get you XYZ result. There's satisfaction guarantees, right? There's all these different things. But you don't need to have any kind of crazy refund guarantee even if you're a beginner, right? But the key to signing clients even if you have no case studies or testimonials or anything like that is to have a risk reversal or some type of guarantee. Now, here's an example of offer that is actually good. So saying something like we help X which is obviously going to be your niche. We help X get Y so your offer in time zone so or timeline without problem using our unique mechanism right and you obviously want to fill in the blanks for this specific offer. This is a template that I give to all of my students all of my clients and it just works extremely extremely well right we help AX get Y in time zone without problem by using our unique mechanism and that's exactly what you want to use in order to build your own offer. Now, finally, the next step is building your video sales letter or what's known as a VSSL. And what a VSSL is, so again, video sales letter is, think of it kind of like a digital salesperson. And what that is is kind of like imagine a salesperson who's just constantly selling your service for you. Whether you're asleep, you're at the gym, or you're out and about, it doesn't matter because essentially this is a video where you're selling yourself and your AI lead generation services. This is a 10 to 20 minute video explaining your offer in detail, who you specifically help and how you specifically help them. And at the end of your video sales letter is what's called a call to action. So a next step to book a call with you, which is obviously going to be a sales call, right? And this is the most important part of the process. I see so many people online, they're missing this entire step, which obviously leads to them struggling to sign in clients or they end up in a situation where they start this type of business and they go six months, nine months, even a year without making a single dollar online. And the reason why is they're missing this important step which is the video sales letter. Right? And the reason this is important is because you just want to understand how this business even works to begin with. Right? Essentially what we're doing because this is an online business is you're literally going up to random business owners and you're basically saying, "Hey, we can help you generate leads." But you have to understand that you are literally a random person through the lens of your clients or through the lens of the people that you're reaching out to. These people don't know you. They don't trust you. They don't like you. They don't know literally anything about you. So why should they trust you? Why should you expect them to pull out their credit cards on a sales call on a Zoom call and pay you $5,000, right? Obviously, they're not going to do that because they just don't trust you. So, what you want to do instead is you want to combat that. You want to get around that by building what's called a video sales letter where this is a a simple video where again, you're selling yourself, you're explaining your service, and you'll be sending this to the people that you'll be reaching out to. And basically the goal of this is you're going to warm them up. You're going to nurture those people and build more interest, build more belief, and get them to a point where they are interested in working with you. And now you're no longer a stranger. They like you, they trust you, and they're ready to actually pull out their credit cards by the time you get to a sales call. And here's a kind of like a VSSL script that could really help you with building out your video sales letter. So the very first step is you just want to start with a simple intro, right? something along the lines of my name is Jimmy and in the next 15 minutes I'll be showing you exactly how with as a recruitment agency you could book five to 10 book booked calls every 30 days by leveraging our AI code email system right so that's the intro where I lead with who I am why you should pay attention in the next 10 to 15 minutes you will learn exactly how to do X Y and Z so that's the very first step the second step is you want to start explaining what you actually do right what is the problem that you actually solve for them hey if you are a recruitment agency And the economy is bad right now. You're seeing that not only are companies not hiring, but they're actively firing people. And as a result, you're just struggling to book calls with businesses that are actively hiring new candidates. This is for you. Right? The reason why that you're struggling is not because you suck or you don't know how to do it, but because of XYZ reason. And as a result of that, we have the solution and we could solve this problem for you with our own AI lead generation services. Right? So, you're explaining what you actually do. And obviously, you want to go in a little bit more detail. You might want to talk about the key steps, the key pillars, what actually goes into your service, but that's exactly what you want to do in step number two, which is explaining what you actually do. The third step is you want to finally go into more detail on how you actually do it. And the key part with this step with talking about how you actually do it is you kind of just want to create some curiosity and add value into their life by talking about your strategy. Right? So where a lot of people where I see tons of people go wrong with the video salesletter strategy is they make this highlevel video that really doesn't like it comes more across as a you know a 60-second or two-minute elevator pitch rather than a video that actually adds value into the prospects into the potential client's lives right and obviously if you are going to be making a 10 to 20 minute video a lot of people think oh isn't that too long a video these are business owners what if they like don't pay attention what if they get busy what if they get distracted. Well, the key part from what I personally found after making literally hundreds of these video sales letters is if you are generally solving a real problem and as a result of that, you're adding real value into your viewers's life, they will stick around for the 10 to 20 minute video to figure out how to solve the biggest problem to, you know, their business, right? Which is obviously getting new customers and getting new clients. So, you want to solve that by talking about how you actually do it. And again, you just want to create tons of curiosity and add value into their life. And finally, the fourth step of the VSSL is going to be the next steps, right? So again, your call to action. So saying something like, "Hey, if you are interested in what we talked about in this video, if you feel like you got value from this video and you want to work with a service provider, a expert to implement all of these steps into your own recruitment agency so that you can book five to 10 calls in the next 30 days, then book a call using the link in the description down below." So something like that. That's the next steps. And these are the four key steps to your video sales letter. And if you follow this structure, these four steps, you will have a banging DSL that's just, you know, honestly going to cook and make you a lot of money. Now, step four of the process is what's called the outreach process. And essentially, this is the step where you will start taking action on figuring out how to sign clients for yourself and as a result of that, bringing in money through the door. And there's really five key steps that you want to take uh in order to start your outreach. The very first step is buying 10 domains and three email accounts each using smartlead.ai. And the reason you want to do this is because the core component of our entire outreach strategy is we will be using cold emails where we're essentially emailing these random business owners and pitching our services. But the most important part of the strategy is volume. Right? Obviously, at the end of the day, someone who's having a thousand conversations a day with these recruitment agencies will get completely different results than someone only having, let's say, 50 conversations with these recruitment agencies. So, a large component of our strategy is volume. But the key caveat is you can't just buy one Gmail account. You can't just get one Gmail email and send a thousand emails out of that. You're going to get blocked. Your emails are going to go into spam into the junk folder. Instead, what you want to do is you want to buy a bunch of different domains, a bunch of different email accounts inside of those domains. And as a result, you're able to scale your volume through your emails horizontally, if that makes sense, by just having a bunch of different email accounts. So, the very first step is to go into smartly.ai, buy 10 domains, buy three email accounts, and that's step number one. Now, the next step is you want to warm up your domains for 14 days again by using smartly.ai. So once you buy your domains, once you buy your email accounts, again, you still can't just start blasting a bunch of email accounts the very next day. You just can't do that because again, your emails will land up in spam or land in the junk folder. So instead, what we want to do is we want to use a strategy called warming your domains. And that process will take 14 days. So instead of that 14 days, you're not sending any actual emails. You're just warming up your domain. of slowly ramping them up for 14 days up to a point where on day 15, the day that you're sending your cold emails, your emails will just land in the inbox and you're going to be able to get a lot of volume and you're just going to get really great results. Now, step number three is building your leads list using Apollo.io. Now, Apollo.io is a database with literally hundreds of millions of different contacts of different businesses, all these different things. And that's exactly what you want to be using in order to build your leads list. And the fourth step is to use AI to write your cold email sequence. In a moment over here, I'm going be showing you exactly the template that you can literally copy and paste into Chat GPT to write your code emails. But you want to be using AI to write your code emails. So, if you're thinking, "Oh, I don't know how to write properly or I'm not that good at English or all these other things." No worries. We got AI doing that for us. You don't even have to be that good at cold emails because AI literally handles the hard parts of writing the code emails for you. And the fifth step of the process is launching your cold email campaigns at which point you can start expecting some replies, expecting some book calls, and obviously if you take enough calls, you're going to sign some clients and start making some money, right? So, as promised, here's the cold email structure, right? And there's a couple different steps. So, for the subject line, I would strongly suggest using something very simple like quick question, first name. And obviously, there's a variable that you can set up inside of Smartly.ai I that will allow you to change up the emails based on the specific person that you're emailing and all these different things. But use something simple like quick question or real quick, but inside the actual code email itself. And again, you can literally copy this into trasht and ask it to generate you a cold email by using this structure. And I promise you, it's going to work really, really well. Right? I've sent millions, many millions of code emails. And this is the code email framework, the code email structure, the scripts that have always worked for me time and time again. And it goes like this. You just want to start with, "Hey, first name and an icebreaker." So, maybe a quick question, a yes or no question. Hey, hey, John, are you looking for more clients? Hey, John, are you looking for more customers? Hey, John, are you looking for more booked sales calls? Something like that, right? Just a icebreaker question. The next step is you want to tell them why you're reaching out and you want to put your offer reaching out because we help recruitment agencies book five to 10 qualified sales calls every 30 days by leveraging our AI lead generation system. Right? So, you're talking about your offer. The next step is your risk reversal, your guarantee that we talked about in step number one. And finally, you want to close off your cold email with again another call to action. So your next step, hey, cool. If I send you more information, hey, if this makes sense, can I send you more information? Can I send you a free video, which will obviously be your video sales letter, all these different things. And this is the cold email structure that again has that just worked time and time again, right? So many people online, they just watch video after video, YouTube video after YouTube video, website after website just looking for that winning script. I'm here to tell you there is no winning script. This is the the framework, the structure that you just want to follow. And again, this just works super super well. Now, step number five is booking sales calls for yourself, right? So again, Smartly D.I. will automate most of the work for you. It's going to send the code emails for you on a day-to-day basis. So when you're sending, let's say, 500 code emails a day, a thousand code emails a day, you're not manually going to Gmail or Outlook pressing send one by one. Smartly.ai automates that completely for you. It's going to check for the replies. All you have to do is book the calls for yourself. So people, you know, you're going to be sending these emails. People are going to reply back. They're going to say, "Hey, Jimmy, I'm interested in learning more. Why don't we set up a quick time to chat?" Just say something like that. And you're just going to book them in for an actual sales call. Now, moving on to closing sales on the actual sales call, right? And some people, a really large concern that I hear people say is, "Oh, I'm not get that good at sales. I've never done sales before. I don't know if I could do this." And I'm here to tell you that you 100% can. If you've ever gotten a job from a job interview, you could literally do this, right? You could literally do this for yourself because on a job interview, you're literally selling yourself because what it is is it's just a normal conversation between two people. And it's the exact same thing on these Zoom sales calls, right? Simp. Literally, all you're trying to do is you're just understanding their business and seeing if you can help them. It's literally that simple. Don't over complicate it. You're just explaining your process. You're going to be telling them your pricing, which I suggest one to $3,000 per month. And if they agree on it, you're literally going to send them an invoice and collect the money at the end of the call. It's really that simple. This is literally what the cold what the sales call process looks like. And here's kind of like a sales script that again just works really, really well. You want to start off your sales call with an intro. You want to just set the call agenda. You want to hop on, you know, maybe have some, you know, brief conversation introducing yourself and just want to say, "Hey, John, appreciate you jumping on for the next 40 minutes. Here's what we're going to talk about. In the next 40 minutes, we're going to be showing you exactly what this AI lead generation system is. We're going to start by asking you some questions, understand more about the business, and if it fully makes sense, then we'll talk more about our process and how we help our clients achieve XYZ." So, that's what you want to do. The next part is you just want to ask them some questions to learn more about their business, right? So, you want to understand more about what they sell, who they sell to, how they currently booking calls, what's the process currently looking like, all these different questions to learn more about their business. I call these situation type questions because they're learning more about their situation. The third step is you start explaining how you can actually help them. So, very similar to what you're talking about in your video sales letter, you're just talking about the key steps to your lead generation services. So something like hey so for our clients what we do is we start with step number one which is building your lead sets. We start with step number two which is using cold emails to reach out to generate replies. Step number three booking calls onto your calendar completely done for you. Right? So you're explaining the overall process that your lead generation services actually solves for them. And the fourth step is going to be telling them about how much it costs. Right? So, what I suggest to you, to anyone who's looking to start AI lead generation, is sell it for $1 to $3,000 per month. That's the general rate that you'd be able to sell it for. No need to sell it for less. Sell it for like 500 bucks because, you know, why would you want to make less money when you can sell it for more, right? So, here's the overall sales script. And again, this is a sales script that I still use inside my own AI lead generation business. This is a script that hundreds of people have used and it just gets really great results. Now, let's say that you take these sales costs and one of these businesses agree they're paying you $3,000 per month. The very next step is to onboard them as a client. And there's really three key steps that you want to undertake inside of your actual onboarding process. The very first thing is you just want to set up a Zoom call, right? Obviously, it's much easier to talk to people over Zoom call. So, that's the first thing that you want to set up. And on side inside of that Zoom call, once you set that up, you're on both you and your client are on that Zoom call. The very first thing you want to do is again you just want to continue understanding their business. You want to understand clearly who their ideal client is. You want to understand clearly what they sell. You want to understand clearly what problems the product solves, case studies that they have, testimonials, and maybe a 60-second elevator pitch. So then that way you fully understand your clients exactly what they sell, who they offer it to, and how you could build the messaging using AI to make sure you get them really great results and generate them a bunch of leads, a bunch of booked sales calls, all these different things. So for example, my very first client was a recruitment agency and I remember jumping onto an onboard call and literally understanding asking them all these questions and at the end of that zoom call, at the end of that 60-minute Zoom call, I walked away fully understanding. Okay, so my client, they offer recruitment agency services to these tech companies, helping them hire engineers, salespeople. I fully understand how this works. And that's the goal of the onboarding process. Now, the next step is understanding how to actually scale to5 to $10,000 per month. And this is a massive question that a lot of people have. And I want to show you something. I want to tell you about how simple that this process actually is. Because you have to understand that by the time you get to this step where let's say you have your very first client, you just successfully onboarded them. Your very first rep is actually done, right? What you did just worked. You set up this system where AI wrote your code emails. You got your leads list. AI is sending these emails for you. You're getting replies. You're getting sales calls and you signed your very first client. You're making money. The process worked. It's now time to iterate. Test different niches. So, for example, I started with recruitment agencies. The next niche I tested was software development agencies, right? I was like, "All right, let me test some different niches. I improved my video sales letter, my VSSL. I rewrote my code emails, tested a bunch of different things." I used my data that I got from my cold email campaign to improve my actual process and just make it a hundred times more efficient. And basically, I was taking what already worked in my process, and I was just repeating that process over and over and over again. And that's exactly what it takes to scale to5 to $10,000 per month. A lot of people think that you need to do these all these complicated things in order to scale to 5 to 10k per month. But you don't have to do that at all. The hardest part is going from zero to getting your first client. And once you have your first client, you literally repeat that process. And one of the best parts about AI lead generation is again because we're selling this service for$1 to $3,000 per month. Let's call it $2,000 per month for simple math. You don't need hundreds of clients in order to get to $10,000 per month. You only need a handful of clients. So, three to four clients depending on how much money you're charging. So, for example, when I first got started with my own lead generation business, I got to my very first $10,000 month with literally four clients. And how did I do that? Well, it was very, very simple because I was charging a lot of money, right? My very first client paid me $3,000. And I think the next like I got four clients in total and they're paying me anywhere between two and $3,000 per month which meant that I again right I only needed four clients to get to $10,000 per month. It's super super simple. Now the what I want to say is if you want to build your own AI lead generation business and you want to get it to 5 to $10,000 per month this video literally includes a highle overview of the key steps that you want to take in order to do that. Right? Obviously it's not a hey press this button press that button. It's not very in-depth and that's not the goal of this video. If it was, it wouldn't be the length that it is right now. But if you want to learn how you can build your own AI lead generation business, get it off the ground and get it to $5 to $10,000 per month, then what you want to do is click the link in the description below. It'll lead you to a free training video guide that I literally put together that talks more about all of these steps. Talks more about how we specifically help our clients help our students get started with their own AI lead generation business and get it to $5 to $10,000 per month. my line at this point. We've helped hundreds of people. We have a bunch of different case studies, the best results in the industry in the AI lead generation space. And the reason we've been able to do that is because I was able to start my own AI lead generation business. Go from zero to $10,000 per month, go from $10,000 per month up to $50,000 per month. And over the last few years, I've made well over a million dollars online with my own AI lead generation business. And again, I'm simply teaching exactly what I've done, exactly my entire system, all my process, and I'm teaching all of our students and all of our clients, which is exactly how to get the results that they do. So again, just to recap, if you want to learn how you can start your own AI lead generation business completely from scratch and get it to $5 to $10,000 per month in the next 90 days, then click the link in the description down below. Check out that free video training guide, and I'll see you in the next video. See you there.