This past year in 2024, I made a bit over $800,000 and here are the biggest limiting beliefs that I had to remove in order to actually see this level of success. So, jumping right into it, the very first limiting belief that I really just had to break was the belief that it takes a really long time to actually make money or in this case make a lot of money. And I think this is a very common belief because um just growing up, right? People around me, my parents, family members, friends, they were all kind of just like "Oh, you have to go to school, work hard, uh get a good job, work up the career ladder in order to actually make decent amount of money." And what I will say is as a caveat is there's absolutely no such thing as making money quick. You're not just going to become a millionaire tomorrow. You're not just going to randomly wake up and suddenly be making a lot of money, right? That simply doesn't exist. But what I will say is it really doesn't take that long in order to make a significant amount of money. And here's what I mean, right? So, this past year in 2024 is really my, I guess, somewhere between my second and third full year of being in business and being in the entrepreneurship space. Uh and in my first year I made a little bit over quarter million dollars. This year or this past year I made around 800k, so almost three to four times more. And although when you take a step back and you hear that it took me two years in order to actually make this amount of money, it sounds like a very short amount of time, which it objectively is. The reality of it is when you're the person who's waking up every single day for these 700 days, it really doesn't feel that quick. And that's the raw truth, right? Is it really doesn't take that much time as long as you're learning a skill, a very important skill that allows you to make money, and you're able to go out to the market, go out to public, and sell that as a service or sell that as a product, and you're actually genuinely helping people and delivering real value into the world, it really doesn't take a long time to make a lot of money. And that's really the first limiting belief that I really had to get out of my own head, right? Was the belief that it takes a really long time to make a lot of money, right? Now, this would be true if I was, let's say, working a job, right? Because here in Canada, the average job pays somewhere between 60 and 70 thousand dollars, right? That's an entry-level role that someone could get if they went to university or college um and they're kind of just working an office job. So, they're they're making 60 to 70k and it might take them another three to five years in order to hit the six-figure a year income benchmark. Uh and then if they continue moving up in their career, maybe 10 years later, they'll be making 125 grand, 150 grand, maybe 200 grand, depending on the industry and field. And objectively, that is a pretty long time. It'll take someone 10 years in order to hit that six-figure mark. But when it comes to entrepreneurship, it really doesn't take that long. A lot of the people that I know, some of my most successful friends, um they're making multi-six figures, some of them even making seven figures in a year and it certainly didn't take them, you know, 10 years in order to do that. And that's kind of the beauty of the entrepreneurship space is if you know what you're doing and you're selling something that people actually want and you're delivering real value into the world, you don't have to wait 10 years in order to make a lot of money. And that's the first limiting belief that I really had to internalize uh that led me to the success. Now, the second limiting belief that I really had to internalize was just kind of the thought at the back of my mind where I was just telling myself, "Oh, I'm just not good enough." And by having this thought is actually a very destructive, kind of just a limiting belief, really really destructive. And the reason why is because having these limiting beliefs, which I do believe most people do have and I think it's a very natural belief to have, but by telling yourself that you're just not good enough, what that will lead to is just a ton of procrastination, right? It'll turn and lead into just missing out on a bunch of opportunities that are kind of just staring at you inside the face because you're seeing these opportunities coming at you in the world, but because you believe and you tell yourself, "Oh, I'm just not good enough." It leads to you not even trying and taking advantage of those opportunities that are literally right there. And I think there's a lot of different reasons for why a lot of people, why I kind of had that thought where I was just maybe not good enough. I think a lot of it was just, you know, um imposter syndrome or a lack of confidence, a lack of belief that I just had the skills and experiences that were needed in order to actually succeed. Uh but this is a really massive limiting belief that once I really found my way to just get around it and remove it from my mind, it really allowed me to just kind of work freely. And I think a really easy way, or the way that I did that really allowed me to remove this thought of I'm just not good enough, was really just surrounding myself with people who are successful, right? People who are doing what I want to do, making the amounts of money that I want to make, seeing the level of business success that I wanted to see as, you know, for myself, kind of as my goal. Um and the real benefit of being able to do this was just really getting around these people, having these real-world conversations with them, and really understanding that they're really not that much different from me, right? I'm just a normal guy. All of these people, they're just normal people as well. But only difference between me and where I am and them and where they are is they just understand how to do a very specific thing and they're actually just taking action and they've done it for way longer. And that's really what it comes down to, right? If you go out and meet someone that's really successful in business, the only difference between you and that person is that person, that successful entrepreneur, they've just been doing what you wanted to do for probably like 10 times longer. Uh they actually know what they're doing and they're actually just taking relentless action. And that's the biggest thing that really helped me internalize the thought of just telling myself that I'm not good enough. I had to understand that no one comes onto our planet, no one's born with all of these skills. No one's born learning and being a master at selling or being a master at marketing or just knowing how to do all of these things. No one knew how to do that when they were born from, you know, the day they were born. What they had to do was they had to go out, learn about how to do all of these things from watching YouTube videos, reading, finding mentors, all of these different methods, and actually just trying and kind of just throwing a million things at the wall and seeing what sticks. And that's a very important part of entrepreneurship is at the end of the day, you never really know what will work. You don't have any certainty of what is the right way to do anything. And the best thing you can do is just take calculated and educated actions based on what other people have succeeded with, and you kind of just got to try it yourself. And again, right? That that idea of just throwing a million things at the wall and seeing what sticks. And that was a really massive limiting belief that I really had to overcome in 2024. Now, a really massive limiting belief that really held me back, especially in the beginning when I was first starting my business, was just kind of like the fear of failure. And again, I think this is a very normal belief, especially for people who are first trying to make money online, or first looking to start a business. Because there's a lot of things that create that fear of failing, right? It could be fear of losing money that you invested. It could be fear of losing time. It could be fear of all the wasted effort. And it could be something as simple as fear of like your friends and family just judging you. And these are very normal things. Uh I personally faced this a lot, especially towards the beginning of my business. And this is a very destructive belief as well. And the reason why is because it leads to inaction pretty much, right? Um you're just not ready. Someone who has this belief, this limiting belief, they're just not ready to actually do the work that they know, deep down in their hearts, is actually going to move them closer towards living the life that they truly want to live, and being the type of person who's able to achieve the success that they actually desire. Uh and this is a really big thing that people really, really do struggle with uh because it's kind of like the fear of judgment from other people. And I think the biggest way to think about this, and this might sound really cliche cuz people talk about this all the time on like all the these other YouTube videos and all these different books is really just trying to look at these failing failure opportunities as really just that, opportunities. The opportunity to learn. Now, obviously, you got to be smart about it, right? You don't want to like dig a hole and jump right into the hole. You got to be smart about it. If you know something is going to have a high probability of failure, you don't want to do that, right? You want to be smart about it. Entrepreneurship and being successful in entrepreneurship is all about being smart and taking calculated risk, but the point that I'm trying to make is if you know something is working, so for example, you find a bunch of people starting one specific type of business and they're seeing success, the next thing you want to do is figure out what are the key steps, the key three to five steps that that individual took that led them to seeing success. So, for example, I run a lead generation agency. This entire YouTube channel is talking about how to start a lead generation agency. Uh and what you should probably do is go out and find other people who are running successful lead generation agencies and kind of reverse engineer the key three to five things that they're actually doing that's leading to their success, right? Now, obviously, on this YouTube channel, I might be that person for you, right? You might see me and you might want to reverse engineer some of the specific steps that I'm doing, you know, I make YouTube videos exactly like this just so that you could do that, exactly that, right? Um and that's exactly what you want to do. You want to reverse engineer the key three to five steps that that person, that successful person is doing and you want to try to emulate like that and do it yourself. And by doing that, you really reduce the chance of failure because again, entrepreneurship is all about taking educated and calculated risk. It's not all about just jumping into the unknown, not knowing what you're doing, and just kind of yoloing your way forward. That's not what entrepreneurship is about. And if you're able to do this successfully, your chance of failure is significantly lower, right? We've all heard of the statistic where over 95% of businesses, they actually fail. Uh they like they all fail, right? And the reason why is because a lot of people they're just taking these massive risks. They don't They actually don't know what they're doing. They don't know anyone who's successful in whatever they are they're trying to do and they're really not reverse engineering what that person is doing or what the successful people are doing in order to see the success they're they're able to have. And if you're able to do this, your chance of failure is significantly lower and although you you know, if you do fail, which is a very real probability with entrepreneurship, right? It does happen. Nothing is guaranteed especially in entrepreneurship. But you just really have to get around the fact that at the end of the day other people's judgement, it really shouldn't be that important because at the end of the day if let's say your friend is going to judge you for failing in business, are they also going to judge you if you're massively successful in business as well? Are they going to be paying your bills? Are they going to be paying your rent? Are they going to be paying your car? They're not, right? And if they're not going to be paying for any of those things, if they're not going to be helping you increase your bank balance, then really their judgement and what they think really isn't that important. Now the final major limiting belief that I really had to get around this year was just the belief that I need to figure out everything all on my own. And this is a really big limiting belief and the reason why is because at the end of the day I'm just a individual guy, right? I'm just a regular dude, one single person in this planet with like 8 billion people in it. And the truth is there's only so many things that I know, right? Yeah, it's true that my expertise might be marketing and sales and offers and stuff like that, but at the end of the day there's just so many more people who know things that I simply don't know. And by having this belief that I just need to go out and you know, whatever my goal is and achieve those goals all on my own, it's extremely destructive because the truth is while yes, I probably can with enough time, I could probably figure out everything I need to do to let's say make you know, another million dollars, but the question is how long would that take? Would it take me 5 years to learn how to make another million dollars? Would it take me 10 years? Right? That's a variable of time. And it really does stem back from the variable and the limiting belief of just believing that you need to go out and just do and figure everything out on your own. Now, the easiest way to get around this is just trading money for expertise, right? All you want to do is find someone, find essentially a mentor, someone who's a few steps ahead of you, someone who's succeeding in whatever it is that you're trying to succeed in and kind of just trading your money and paying them to give you the answers and give you the solutions, right? And this is a really massive one that I just really had to learn because for the longest time, when I first launched my business, I bought different courses and stuff like that, but I wouldn't necessarily say that I had a mentor or at least I didn't identify with myself as someone who had a mentor who helped me achieve success in entrepreneurship, right? I kind of just put you know, put one foot ahead of the other and kind of just figured everything out all on my own. And that got me to where I am right now, but I really just had to understand the idea that what got me here is not going to get me there. It's not going to get me to the next level. What worked to get me here is not to 800k in a year, it's not going to get me to 5 million dollars in a year, right? And that's just the simple truth is I just simply didn't know what I didn't know. And it was a really hard concept for me to really internalize, but once I was able to go out and put my pride aside essentially and put my ego to the side and realize that I needed to find someone who's just doing what I wanted to achieve and pay them money to teach me what they did in order to see the level of success that they that they achieved, I was able to just really scale my growth in my business, right? My growth went like this. And that's a really important lesson, which is figuring out and finding someone who is doing what you want to do and directly working with them and learning from them to see what led them to the level of success, right? And it's all about time because sure, anyone could probably make a million dollars, but do you want to take 10 years to make a million dollars, or do you want to do that in a year, right? And I think every single person watching this video, and you're watching this video, we know what your answer is, right? It's not going to be I want to make a million dollars in a year. I don't want to make $10,000 a month, and it takes me 50 50 years in order to figure out how to make 10K in a month. I want to figure out how to make 10K in a month in the next 30 days. And that's really what it's all about. By paying and working with a mentor, it's all about figuring out the answers quicker, right? That's literally what it is. You're paying to speed up time, because you have to understand that time is finite. We don't have infinite amount of time, uh and every single waking hour, every single waking day, waking week, waking month, waking year, it's extremely valuable, and once it passes, we will literally never, ever be able to get it back. And by paying for a mentor, you're literally able to shortcut the process, and really just go at light speed. That's really all it is. But that's pretty much it what I wanted to share in today's video. Here are some of the biggest limiting beliefs that I really had to figure out and get around in this year in 2024. If you liked this video, make sure you give me a like. Uh make sure you drop me a subscribe. Uh the first link in the description below is a completely free course that I recently put together teaching people teaching you how you could start a lead generation agency, how to sign your first client, and how you get actually get started. So, if you click the link below, uh it will lead you to a page where all you have to do is put in your email, your phone number, kind of like contact uh contact details, and I'll give you access to the completely free course that I'll send to you directly to your email. But that's what I wanted to talk about in today's video. Uh I hope you found it valuable, and I'll see you in the next one. See you.