Hey, thanks for watching this video. My name is Jimmy Fang and in this video I break down my exact sales process that I use to close a thousand dollar deals for my lead generation agency over a Zoom call. I actually do have a short reel on my Instagram page where I show you exactly how I close a two thousand dollar deal on a Zoom call. Obviously that Instagram reel is very short, right? And you know, it's only a minute and a half so obviously there's only so much details that you can include in that. But in this video I break down my exact process from the beginning of the mindset you need beginning the sales call, how to nurture leads, how to intro your call, how to do discovery, how to pitch your services, how to handle objections and then finally how to close deals, right? I bring I pull back the curtains and I pretty much show you everything that I know about sales. Over the last few years I have invested thousands of dollars into sales courses. I have read 30 to 40 different books regarding sales and this is everything that I know, how I put together my own sales process. One key note what that I will say though is what a lot of people do is they do try to sell you course teaching you about sales and the reason why it does not work for a lot of people is because everyone has a slightly different way of selling stuff. So what I sell and the way I sell it, if you copy it word for word, it may not work for you. The same way how if you have a sales process that works for you and I copy it, it may not work for me, right? because everyone has their own way of saying things. They have a way of words just naturally flowing out of their mouth and if it doesn't work, if it's not congruent with that with the way that it is, it just won't work. So what you need to do is I'm showing you in this video the exact sales process that I use, but you need to go you could copy it first, but you need to test it, right? And then after testing it for a little bit, you will know that, you know, it either works or it doesn't, and you got to do some edits, change the specific wording, change the specific phrases that I say, but I hope this video serves kind of as a fun foundation so that you can see exactly how it works, right? If you like this video, make sure that you follow me on Instagram. I do post more content on that, breaking down lead generation agencies and how you can go about building a lead generation agency yourself, and subscribe to this YouTube channel here. Take care. Bye-bye. In this video, I'll be sharing with you my exact sales process for how I close $5,000 deals in 25 minutes for my own agency. Pretty much, I'll be sharing with you how to sell your services, or in my case, how I sell my lead generation agency services to other businesses. This video is everything that you need to know about the art of making thousands of dollars over Zoom call, right? So, jumping right into it, what we will be covering today is the first thing is the mindset that no one shares. The second point is the pre-sale, so how to nurture your prospects prior to the sales call. After that is the intro, so pretty much how to start and intro your sales call. After the intro, I'll be sharing with you how you should do discovery and how I go about challenging my prospects. After that, I'll be sharing with you how to go about pitching your own services, how to handle objections, and then finally, how to close the call. So, jumping right into it is the mindset that no one shares, right? So, the most important thing that you need to understand is that competency is the name of the game in terms of sales, right? You are there to close a deal and to get a next step at that call, right? You're not there to talk about a bunch of random stuff that is irrelevant to the purpose of the call, right? It's really that simple. So, when I go about reviewing calls every single day for my own agency or some of the other people that I help, uh right, the bottom line is that if you're not having if you're not closing the amount of sales calls that you want to do, right, pretty much the reason why is because it just sounds like two guys just sitting there chatting and at the end the guy who's selling the services is suddenly asking the other guy for a decision, right? He's asking him to send him thousands of dollars, right? That's pretty much what it comes down to. It doesn't sound like a sales call, right? There are different phases at each point of the sales call and the person running the sales call, um as that person, it's your responsibility to make a decision at each point of that call, right? You need to ask yourself, is this someone who you can help? And if they are, you need to move them along to the next part of the sales sales process. And if it's not someone that you think you can help, right, if it's not someone who you really can't do too much for, uh you need to figure out that they're not someone you want to work with and you need to let them know, right? That's the mindset that you need going into the call, right? And the other thing that I wanted to share as well is in the beginning when I first started taking sales calls for my own business, I used to be extremely nervous taking those calls, right? And the thing that helped me really change this mindset was realizing that if, you know, I'm in Toronto, right, I get a bunch of these scam calls every single day people calling me up acting like the CRA, so the tax agency, or people trying to uh sell me duct cleaning services, right? If a scammer can call you up by phone and they can scam people out of thousands of dollars, right, and I know that they're making thousands of dollars doing this because if it doesn't work, then they obviously wouldn't be, you know, calling people every single day, right? And they've been doing this for years, right? So, if scammers are able to pick up the phone, call someone, and scam someone out of thousands of dollars, then how is it possible that you know, that you're struggling to sell your legitimate service which provides legitimate business value? You need to stop and ask yourself that, right? And once I realized this, it really helped me click in terms of a mindset and I realized that uh selling should not be that hard and the only reason I was nervous was because I put it on a pedestal in my own mind and I made it harder than it needed to be. So, it's kind of a mental game, right? Um what you need to understand is you are on that call because the person that you're chatting with, they have a problem inside of their business, right? And that's exactly why they set up a time on the Zoom uh or on your calendar, right? People don't want to waste time and the only reason they put 30 or 45 minutes on the calendar is because they think that there's a problem inside their business and they think you might potentially be able to help them, right? So, you need to figure out if you can help them solve the problem or not. So, once we have the mindset out of the way, that's how you need to uh be approaching your sales calls. The next step is the pre-sales, so nurturing your prospects, right? So, you need to understand that the sale starts even before you jump onto that Zoom call. The selling starts the second that their name appears on your calendar or inside of Calendly, right? Which is the calendar booking software that we use inside our own business, right? What you have to do is you need to make the most out of your availability. Every single sales call on your calendar, they need to be as qualified as possible and they need to be properly prepared for that call to give you the highest possible chance of closing the deal. So, what you need to understand is that the most the more educated a prospect is before the call, the more bought in that they are to your solution and the easier that it is to close them, right? You need to have a few qualifying questions that they should be filling out on the calendar, pretty much giving you some preliminary information so that you can understand if it's even a good fit and even worth your time for that call. So, what you need to be doing as well is the second their name shows up on that call, you should be asking for the website, you should be asking for the email. You need to be going, copying their name, pasting it into Google, copying their company name, the website, stuff like that. You need to be searching on Google and doing research on them. You could do this by looking at the website. You could do this by searching and looking at their LinkedIn to get some better information on the background, right? So, what company they work for, are they the owner, are they a VP, what does their job and roles and responsibilities look like, um what is some of their experiences. You need to get all of this information prior to the call. Um And the thing is is this really doesn't take too much work at all, right? I usually do this 3 to 5 minutes before the Zoom call starts. Um you know, I spend maybe a minute or two to do this and I have all the information inside my head uh going into that call and I'm adequately prepared, right? So, what you have to do is you got to research and have an idea of your prospect. And the thing is is in terms of nurturing prospects prior to actually jumping onto the Zoom, almost no one ever talks about this and the importance of nurturing prospects prior to the sales calls. So, when I first started booking calls for my own business, I really overlooked this completely and as I started learning this process and I started implementing what I'm about to share with you, my closing rates increased significantly, right? So, the first thing you have to do is you should really start setting up automations to remind the people of your call. So, assuming that they could only book calls for the next day or two, what we could do is we set up these reminding emails but 24 hours before the call and 2 hours before the call. So, you can play around with this. You could do more, you could do less uh of these reminding emails. Uh but what I want to advise you is just keep in mind that you don't want to be too annoying, right? So, in our business, we tested a bunch of different stuff. At one point, we had a bunch of reminders, and we got some people saying that they were kind of annoyed, and then later on, we dialed a little bit back, but then people started pretty much just flopping and no-showing on the calls. So, you need to go and test and figure out what works best inside for your own business, the best mix between not being too annoying but reminding them, and people just, you know, flopping on the calls. So, you can set up this email sequence on Calendly under workflows. This is a paid Calendly plan. So, you need to go and get that, and I think it's completely worth the few dollars that you'll be paying every single month because pretty much it gives you the ability to set up reminders for the emails. We have a 24-hour reminder. We also share with them a case study to kind of show them that this works and to give them a little bit more social proof. And then, we also have a 2-hour call reminder, 2 hours before the call starts, basically letting them know, "Hey, the call starts in 2 hours. If you can't show up for whatever reasons, if something popped up during the day that makes you unable to show up, you can reschedule the call or cancel the call." So, that's what we do inside our own business. I tend to typically send case studies as a resource, but if you don't have any case studies, you need to be sending resources surrounding what your service does, what your business is, what that business history looks like, and how you can help them. So, what you can do is you can create different PDFs, you can create different docs, different white papers to do this. The most effective form of sales asset that I have found is to send video content because this pretty much puts a face to your business and shows that prospect that you are real, that you're just not another name on the calendar, right? So, you So, the way you can do this is you can do two things, right? By creating these video sales assets, you are able to begin selling your prospect on your service. You're basically hyping them up on the benefits of working with you, and you're basically initially dismantling any objections or ounce of uncertainty that they have prior to the call. The second thing that creating video sales assets will do is it will help towards disqualifying prospects that this is just not a good fit for, right? What they should be doing is they should be watching those sales assets prior to the call, and they would have a pretty good idea to know if they are a good fit or not, right? You want to be specifically calling out the specific people that you want to work with. If you work with recruitment agencies, you need to be saying that in your sales assets. If you're working with marketing agencies, you need to be saying that. And if they're not a recruitment agency or they're not a marketing agency, if they are a software company, they will watch that video and they'll know right away that, you know, your services are not meant for them, right? So, putting more information in front of your prospect prior to the call will help towards speeding up the conversion window and make your job a lot easier. So, I want to ask you this, right? In a hypothetical situation, if you were deciding between two accountants to do your tax returns, would you want to work with accountant who posts a ton of video content on their YouTube channel talking about their services, or would you work with an accountant who barely exists online? I want you to ask yourself that question, and I guarantee you that you will work and choose the accountant who has tons of video content and tons of social proof online versus the one that just barely exists, right? And that's exactly why you need to be start creating your own content, right? Your content doesn't need to be super well put together, or it doesn't need to look like you put an entire production team behind it. It just needs to exist online, right? My first vi- my very first video sales letter that I put together that pretty much explains my process was put together on a Google Docs with basically zero editing, and I put the put this together in an hour or two, right? This is what that looks like. It's actually on my YouTube channel as well. So, you could go and look at it and to be completely frank, it's it's pretty bad, right? Uh it's bare-bones. It's not good at all. Has very little production quality, but it still got the job done and helped me put the first few hundred sales calls on my calendar and print do some preliminary warming up to those people. Hey, hope you're having a really good day. Hope you're doing well. Uh my name is Jimmy and in today's video, I wanted to quickly record and show you So, that's kind of what that looks like. Uh hopefully, you will take this and you will understand that it doesn't have to be perfect for you to start booking meetings and closing deals, right? Because this is clearly evidence that uh it you know, it doesn't need to be that good in order for you to make money. It just has to get the job done, right? So, that's the purpose of that, right? So, obviously, you want to make this better over time, but when you're first building your agency, you have a lot larger priorities to think about. You got more important stuff to do pretty much, right? And getting this done is the most important thing and you can always revisit this down the line in two or three months once you're starting to uh make money with your clients, you have all the other stuff down and you have a little bit more time, right? You can revisit this, make it better, all of that stuff, right? So, once you know, once your operations are dialed or you want to uh you know, get leads quicker, what you can also do after this, you know, after people book meetings is you can also ask the prospects for their phone numbers in the county and what you can do is you can pick up your phone and start dialing the prospects, right? So, basically, you just take your phone, you will enter the phone number, you cold call them and you basically talk with them briefly for two or three minutes, ask them about their business, see what they're looking for at a high level, uh and basically qualify them, right? And that's the most effective way towards booking meetings, in my opinion, right? Cold emailing is great because it's very passive. You spend maybe um you spend a lot of time up front setting everything up, and then once that is launched, you obviously spend a few hours tweaking it here and there. You spend maybe an hour, 2 hours a day on inbox management, but for the rest of that, it's basically passive, right? You just wake up, you know, you hire an inbox manager, you wake up, and you see meetings on your calendar. Cold calling is not really like that. It takes time to do, and you can't just outsource it to anybody cuz uh if you want it to be effective, you need someone who is proficient at speaking English, most likely someone in your time zone as well, or in the time zone of the prospects. Uh so, it's not as easy, but it's the quickest way towards booking meetings cuz you're directly talking to someone, and you're directly uh making an ask, and you hear directly on that call if they're interested or not. So, for us, we cold call prospects at our own agency uh after they book a meeting. Uh and although what we have found is by cold calling people after they book on the calendar, the number of sales had the number of sales calls have decreased a bit because we're removing the people who are not qualified or who are tire kickers. The ones that we do end up talking to, they're extremely qualified, and the closing rate is extremely high. And just to give you a little bit of a golden nugget, this is literally how people close deals for $10,000, $20,000, even $50,000 over a Zoom call, right? It's cuz um they're picking up the phone, they're cold calling those people. That's pretty much what a appointment setter does or an SDR does at a really large company, billion-dollar companies. They use SDRs to do this because it nurtures that prospect at a higher level, right? So, I personally know someone who closes at a PR firm, right? A public relations agency, and they close deals for $150,000, so six-figure deals. They do this over a 45- to a 60-minute Zoom call. And the way they do this is because they have someone else, they have appointment setters, who prior to that Zoom call, they pick up the phone, they call that person, make sure they watch all the content and understand how the business works, right? And make sure they're qualified, right? So, but obviously, if you're just starting your business or you're not making that much money in your business, still looking to sign your first few clients, cold calling is not necessary, and I don't want you to get confused or feel overwhelmed by this, right? If you're just starting out, a a cold email sequence that you set up on Calendly, it will get the job done, right? So, as you make more money, then obviously you want to make your efficient your operations more efficient, you want to make them better, and cold calling is how you do that. But up front, you don't really need to do that, right? So, the key takeaway if I want you to take away from this chapter is the purpose of nurturing your leads prior to jumping on that Zoom call is because you're doing this to build trust, and you're doing this to build credibility with people who have never met you or people who have never spoken to you before, right? You're essentially warming them up for the sales call. So, that is what that looks like. So, jumping right into the actual intro of the sales call. Okay, great. You pre-warmed them, you send them some content, you're on that Zoom call, and they joined the Zoom call, right? You were probably taught to build rapport, right? And this is not at all bad, depending on the personality of the prospect. But most people take it way too far, so they ask questions like, "Hey John, how's the weather? Where do you go to Where do you go to school, John?" right? Or "What do you study?" right? And what you're doing by asking these type of questions is you're essentially wasting the call by asking surface-level questions that get you nowhere closer to the sale, right? And that's not to say that you can't loosen up and have a normal conversation with prospects, but you can't rely on this as a means of building rapport and think that this will close the deal for you. What you need to do instead is you need to be direct, you need to be professional, and you need to know how to ask powerful questions, right? So, for myself, the way I intro the call is I I'm very straight to the point. I say, "Hey Steve, this is on the calendar for 45 minutes. Shall we get right into it?" And then after that, you then want to introduce yourself, but you don't want to spend too much time on this, and you definitely want to keep it brief. So, what I say is, "So Steve, if I can take just a second to introduce myself, once again, I'm Jimmy Fung. I'm the founder here at salesway.io, and we've been running this business for a little bit over a year. Pretty much, we are a sales consulting company, and we have worked with a little bit over 50 clients in the B2B space. And that's pretty much my intro, right? So, after that intro, you then want to establish the agenda for the call. You What you're doing is you're explaining how the call will go, and you're outlining the structure that it will follow. So, what I say, and this is a little bit long, but this is exactly what I say after the intro. I say, "Hey Steve, so with your permission, what I'd like to do is set some expectations for this call. Number one, I'd like to clearly understand what you're looking to achieve and some of the key challenges you're looking to solve for, right? I know we touched on this very briefly based on our email communication, and I want to understand and expand on that a little bit better. Number two, if that resonates with you, I want to share how we could potentially help solve those problems and provide you business value. And then number three is I want to provide recommendations and next steps or a path forward. Now, here's the kicker, Steve. If you feel like there isn't a fit here, for example, whether the problems that we solve just don't resonate with you, or you feel like we're not providing you business value, and it doesn't align with what you're looking for, we can shake hands and move on. Does that sound fair, Steve?" So, that's how I set the agenda for the call. Um what you could do is you could use something similar, but I do want to mention that in terms of these scripts, uh this is just use this as a framework because you don't want to sound like you're reading off of these scripts, and you definitely need to apply tonality, or else what happens is you just create unnecessary sales pressure, right? Because these people on these calls, they've been on calls many, many times before you but and after you, they will as well. Uh and they know exactly what it's like to be sold to. So, you just need to be professional. You need to say this with authenticity, uh and you need to apply the right tonality for this, right? But this is how I do it. So, this is the intro. Uh after we get into the intro, the next part of the call, this should take up maybe 20 to 30% of your call, is the discovery section and what I call challenging the prospects. So, in this part of the call, your goal is to understand your prospect and figure out where they are at in their business. Right? What you need to be doing is you need to identify if they have a problem you can help help them solve. And if you realize that your service can help them, you disqualify them by telling them that this isn't a good fit. So, what you could do is you could start this discovery section of the call by saying, "So, Steve, I I'd like to know. I know I reached out to you over email, right, a couple of days ago, but I'm curious to hear what piqued your interest that prompted you to take another look." So, that's what I like to say. Um and the goal with this question is to really figure out why they booked a call with you, right? You reached out to them, but so did hundreds of other people over the course of the month, right? But why you specifically? Why did they book a call on your calendar? Right? After asking this question, in my experience, they will either tell you one or two things. They will either tell you the problem that they're solving, or they will tell you that they saw your outreach message, they thought it was interesting, and they wanted to learn more. Both of which are uh basically what we want to hear, right? Either way, whatever they tell you, what you need to do is you need to take that answer, and you need to continue building upon that. So, what you could do is you ask them to expand on what they just said, and then you want to clarify their answers as most people, when they first start these calls at this stage of the call, they still don't have that much rapport with you, and they will answer your questions very vaguely at first, and you can't expect them to be always telling the truth. So, what you need to do is you you need to get them to expand on their answers here, because what you're looking for is you need to find the real problems that your offer solves. So, once you take a few hundred sales calls for your offer, for your business, what you will quickly realize is that everyone has the same few basic problems. So, the question is, why not just ask them which one they're facing right now? So, what I like to do is inside my own offer, the lead generation agency, there are very there are four very clear problems that people have when they jump onto the sales call. Um And again, if they don't have any of these problems, usually they're just disqualified, and I don't and I just tell them, "Hey, we're not a good fit." And I move on to the next person. But, what I like to say is, "Hey listen, Linda, we speak to many VPs in your space, and typically we kind of hear four common problems that they are facing, and I'd like to run run through some of them with you to see if they resonate. Um you know, maybe a lot of people, when they come to work with us, a challenge they're having is they maybe weren't doing outreach because they didn't want to, or they were not doing outreach because they didn't have the time. Or maybe they did the outreach themselves, but they did not want to, or they did the outreach and they just weren't seeing any results. So, so Linda, does any of that resonate with you, or am I off base here? So, that's what you want to ask. You're basically establishing the common problems. And by doing this, um your goal is to help them identify what problem or problems that they are having and for them to pretty much self-identify and put themselves into a bucket so that you can understand how you can exactly position your services. So, what you need to be doing during during the discovery portion of the call is asking them a provoking question. You need to listen to the response. You need to build off of that by getting them to expand on that. And then you reply back by giving your opinion on what they just said and then asking another provoking question to lead the sales conversation forward. So, an example of that framework would be, "So, Linda, we're finding that a lot of recruitment agencies that we chat with are seeing X, Y, and Z problems in the market today. So, I'm curious to hear, how are you tackling this challenge and addressing that so far in 2023 or going into next year, 2024, right? So, once you talk with a lot of people, once you do some market research and understand your industry better, you'll be able to see very clear patterns that you can then relate, right? And this is very important because if you don't do this, you come off like someone who just does not understand your prospect's worldview at all. You don't even understand their industry. You don't understand their problems. So, if they think that, what they'll also think is if this person doesn't understand my problems, how can they possibly help me solve it? So, what you're doing with this type of question is you're asking a question by reframing it, right? So, uh the only way to ask a question like this is number one to do research on your niche. And number two, you need to understand your industry and the common challenges. You need to know the different quirks. You need to understand how businesses in that industry makes money. If you're selling to recruitment agencies, you need to really understand how recruitment agencies get paid. If you're selling marketing agent selling to marketing agencies, you need to understand how marketing agencies get paid, how much they get paid, what's their typical sales process like, all of that stuff, right? You can't just fake this with confidence. You actually have to spend some time and do some research, right? This will probably take you an hour or two. Doesn't take too long, but you just need to understand it, right? You could do this using Google, ChatGPT, watch some YouTube videos about people If you're again, right? If you're pitching marketing agencies, there's tons of YouTube videos talking about how to make money in a marketing agency, so watch some of those and get your information there, right? So, after you do this, what you want to do next is you want to dig deeper and understand, you know, what have they done before or what have they tried before to solve some of their business challenges. So, what you can say is, "So, Steve, you mentioned that you've been facing these problems for some time now. I'm curious to hear what have you tried in the past to tackle them?" And depending on how confident you are in terms of the sale, you can also dig deeper by asking this question, right? You can also follow up that earlier question by saying, "So, help me understand, Steve. I want to understand what's happening, right? In the business right now that's kind of prompting you to, you know, to take another look." So, with this type of question, it's what you call It's a type of question where you help them to dig deeper to understand why they want more help, right? You You understand why they You understand that they have a problem. Now, you have to understand why they're looking to solve that problem, right? So, it's always recommended that you dig deeper whenever a prospect replies back to your question so that you're able to better understand their situation better and you're essentially getting them to sell themselves. But, I will say this, right? If you're new to sales or you're not super proficient with the skill of selling, you need to be very careful about how you say these things because if you say them incorrectly or if you say it with the wrong wrong tonality or the wrong speed or you just pretty much just butcher it, right? What will happen is you will end up sounding like a high-pressure sales person and what you would do is you will end up creating a ton of sales resistance, which is exactly what we're trying to avoid because if you come off as a sales person as a high-pressure sales person or you create a lot of unnecessary sales sales resistance, your prospect will not buy from you cuz they feel like they're being pressured into giving you the money, right? So, after this, you want to figure out how serious the prospect is with finding a solution to the problems. So, when I first started taking sales calls, I never qualified prospects with questions like this. So, what actually happened was I ended up basically pitching everybody that I spoke with, right? Which is a massive waste of time and a massive drain on my energy. So, what you want to do is you want to qualify prospects by grouping them into buckets based on how serious they are. So, what I say is, "So, Steve, so people that I typically speak with, they really fall into one to three buckets. The first bucket is they are either looking at what's out there for education purposes. The second bucket is, you know, this is kind of high on the priority list and they're looking to solve this within the next month or two. And the third bucket is it's kind of lower on the the priority list and they're looking to solve it, you know, later this year or in a couple of months. So, I'm curious to hear, Steve, which bucket would you put yourself in?" So, after asking the prospect which of these three buckets that they fall inside of, they will usually tell them what they're looking for, right? So, if the prospect tells you that they're just looking at what's out there and the vibe that they give off is that they're not you know, they're just not that serious about your services and solving this problem. What you want to do is just disqualify disqualify them by saying, "Hey Steve, I appreciate the time today. I appreciate you jumping on this call, and thanks for your honesty, right? What we're probably at right now is we're just not a good fit at this time. I'm wishing you a successful end of 2023." So, that's what you say to disqualify people. And when I first started taking sales calls, I was very uncomfortable saying this thing saying these phrases to disqualify people. Um I don't know why that I was so scared of saying it, but instead of saying this, I just went ahead and pitched them, right? And what I realized after taking hundreds of sales calls is you just don't want to be pitching unqualified people because at this point of the call, you'll probably be maybe 10 to 15 minutes in the call, and if you realize they're disqualified, you just lost 10 to 15 minutes, right? But if you continue going on with that, you might end up spending half an hour, 45 minutes, maybe even an hour just to find out that you wasted an hour, right? So, wasting 15 minutes is a lot better than wasting a full hour or wasting 45 minutes, and that's the reason why you need to be disqualifying people, right? So, all my questions that I ask, they all have meaning, and they're not hard to understand. The prospect knows that I'm willing to say that this isn't for them, which builds trust in of by itself, right? What you need to do is you need to make this part of the sales call as long as you want. You need to keep asking questions, but only ones that pertain to your solution. So, you don't want to be asking useless questions that really does not move the conversation forward. And whenever the prospect answers, you need to remember to listen. It's vital for you to make them explain themselves. So, if they say something like, "I'm looking for a solution." But why though? Why are they looking for a solution, right? What is making them look for a solution right now? Why not next week? Why not next month? Why not next year, right? You need to understand these things, right? And often times prospects will drop tiny nuggets of information that is very important to them, very meaningful to them, and because you're concentrating too much on the sales script, you're too focused thinking about what are you going to ask next, what are you going to say after they reply back to you, you end up missing the golden nuggets that matter, right? So that's why I say, especially with these scripts, it's good to have them, it's good to be prepared, but just use them as a framework because you need to focus on the conversation, you need to make sure it flows, and especially in sales, it's extremely nuanced in the sense where it's not a format where you ask a question and you get the reply you want. Often times you ask a question and that conversation steers in completely different directions, and you need to be ready to take it in whichever direction that it's headed, right? So your next question after this part is you need to understand the business and where the solution can provide real value. So what I ask is I say, "So Linda, you talked a little bit about your problems, uh so on and so forth, but could you just walk me through one of your most common use cases step by step of how you currently go about and, you know, generate meetings for your business and how that fits within your sales process, right? If you could, could you just be a, you know, as specific as possible? I'd like to put my feet in your shoes, right? So the purpose of this question is you're understanding that their current situation, and your goal is to figure out logistically, right, how your service fits within the business, right? You need to understand how their internal processes work so that you understand and you know how to position your sales pitch. So an example is if you ask this question and they tell you that they've, you know, that they don't do any outbound. They don't do cold emails, they don't do cold calling, they don't do LinkedIn DMs. They just purely rely on word of mouth and referrals to sign clients. Inside your pitch, you need to be very specific about pitching the pros of outbound, right? You got to basically tell them why it works and why they should be doing it. And then after that, you need to be telling them why you're the best person to do this, right? You also have to ask them and you also have to figure out if they are against it, right? If they're not doing outbound, why is that, right? Do they think it's spam? Do they just not like it? Have they tried it in the past and they just couldn't figure out how to do it? You got to understand all of these things, right? And then by understanding these things logistically, you can position your pitch to increase you get do the do these things to position your pitch to tie back the challenges to how you provide value and solve the problems. So, you know, that's one example. Or if maybe you ask this question and they tell you that they already have someone doing lead generation, right? Maybe they have internal employees or maybe they're working with another lead generation agency. After this, you need to understand how their services can work alongside what you have going on, right? If they have SDRs, right? How does that work, right? If they're working with another agency and they gen that other agency generate leads for this prospect, how can you generate leads as well without overlapping those things, right? You need to understand these things logistically and if your prospect answers in a way where they just make it sound like they don't think it could work logistically, then it's not your job to convince them otherwise, right? Because you can spend your time convincing them if they think if let's say they say they're not doing outbound because they think it's spamming people, right? You can spend the next 30 minutes convincing them why it's not and that all the large companies, the Googles, the Microsoft, the IBMs, they all do outbound cold calling, cold emailing to a degree, but you're just wasting your time because at the end you will get to the point, you get to the end of that 60-minute conversation and they'll just say, "Hey, sorry Jimmy. Listen, I just don't think this is for me." It's spamming, right? So, you're just wasting all of your time and if they don't think it works logistically, then you disqualify them right there and right at that time. So, after this, uh after the disqualifying and the discovery and the challenging aspect of the call, you we then move into pitching your services, right? So, at this point of the call, you should be very confident that you can help that prospect because you have disqualified them in the previous stages of the sale, right? Again, if you do not under if you do not feel like or you're not confident that your services can help them, do not move on to pitching because pitching will probably take a lot of time as well. They'll ask a bunch of questions and if you don't if you know that your services can't help them, you don't want to be wasting your time on this part. So, what I like to say to transition to the pitching part of the sale is I say, "So, Steve, based on what I've heard from you today, I'm confident that we'll be able to tackle your business problems and deliver you business value. What I'd like to do now is walk you through a brief customer story that I believe may potentially resonate with you. Mind if I walk you through it?" And you ask them, they'll probably say yes. If you don't have any case studies, what you have to do is switch the story to you talking about the benefits of your processes, how it works, and how it could potentially help them out. So, for myself, I obviously do have case studies. So, what you can So, what I personally say is I say, "So, Steve, about a half year ago, we worked with John who does marketing a agency who's, you know, who runs a marketing agencies for e-commerce brands. You know, they came to work with us for a very specific problem. They weren't able to generate leads uh because they just didn't know how to do cold emails. The key problem that they had was that they thought they just didn't know how it worked. So, what they did is they approached us and wanted to see how we could alleviate some of these challenges by providing our outbound processes. So, what we did is we set up all the cold emails for them. We launched the campaigns and then within 30 days we were able to book him three qualified sales calls using this system, right? So, what I want to do is walk you through a similar process. So, you see how by me saying that I'm able to tangibly tie our the services that we sell towards helping him, right? Cuz then what Steve will hear is he will hear about how our services led to John booking three qualified sales calls within a 30-day period, right? So, it's important that you walk through a customer story and if you don't have any case studies or experience with this, what you need to be doing again is you need to be doing overview of the challenges versus a comparison of what you do as a service because it ties the problem with the solution that can solve it. So, after this part, what I like to say is So, Steve, what So, Steve, with your permission, what we'd like to do is provide you a walk-through of how this works, right? We'd like to focus on how we specifically generate meetings and ensure that you see the value. Would that work? So, that's what I say. So, we're asking him for permission. This very permission-based, right? And once the prospect says yes, we can then walk them through your solution. So, what I will say here is um some people they really like to use slide decks or visuals of some sort to explain the processes and some people don't. Both ways work. When I first started selling my own lead generation services, I would pitch with a slide deck every single call, but as I, you know, started taking more sales calls and, you know, just progressed in terms of my sales skill. Uh almost all my largest deals and all my sales that I do right now, they have all been pitches without visuals of any sort, right? And I personally think that the reason this is is because when you pitch with visuals, you tend to explain things in way too much details uh and sometimes you run the risk of boring your prospect and they just lose their attention and focus on what you're saying, right? So, pitching without visuals, however, so if you just do it by just talking, having that conversation, it's more natural and it's probably less um less boring, but the disadvantage is it's really challenging to explain complex ideas and you could run the risk of confusing the prospect if they're really trying to understand logistically how it works. So, what you need to be doing is you need to try both methods and figure out which one works best for you, right? You need to understand who your customers are and pitch them based on that. And when I say understand who your customers are, what I under what I mean by that is for myself as an example is when I was selling to software development agencies, the background of a lot of these people who run these software development agencies, they were highly technical, right? They went to school for computer science, for engineering, uh they were coders for their entire careers, right? So, they're highly technical people. So, what I needed was a more technical pitch, right? I needed to explain each process specifically how it works and why it's important and what that process does, right? Towards getting the result. Versus when I was selling to recruitment agencies or when I was selling to marketing agencies, these people are more um they're more high-level in the sense where uh if I got too technical in the pitch, they just didn't understand it and, you know, a confused mind will never buy, right? So, I just needed to keep my pitch very high level explaining key concepts of how it works at a high level and then how it relates to the overarching goal of your service, right? So, both ways you just have to understand who your buyers are and you need to be very smart with how you pitch your services cuz you pitch the wrong way and you're just not going to close any sales, right? So, after this section of the pitch, right? What I usually say is so Steve, that's pretty much what I wanted to walk you through today with you know with what I want to talk with you. Do you have any questions specifically about the process? So, the question that I ask them keyword is specifically about the process and the reason why I ask this is because if you don't say specifically about the process, the next question that your prospect will ask you is awesome, what's your price? That's guaranteed to be the next question if you don't say specifically about the process, right? Even if they don't fully understand how your services work, right? And if that happens your chance of closing the deal is extremely slim because the prospect will only begin thinking about the price and comparing that directly to your services, right? But if they understand how your services work completely front to back, A to Z they will then be able to evaluate if that provides their business value and if it's worth spending money in exchange for receiving that business value. So, after this part, uh once the prospect truly understands how your business works, the next question after that is they will then ask you for the price. What you need to do is you need to just say the number, explain what it gets you briefly and then you remain silent. So, for example, when prospects ask me, so Jimmy, what's the price for this service? I say, Steve what we do is it costs $5,000 a month. What you get is you get the entire setup, you get five qualified appointments, you get X, Y, Z, and 1, 2, 3. What does that How does that sound?" And then I remain completely silent after that. So, that's what I do, and that's how I present my pricing, and that works extremely well. Just, you know, everyone has their own way of doing that. That's my personal experience for how I do price drops. Um And again, it's very important that you say the number very confidently because if you say, "Oh, my services cost $1,000," but you say it with a bunch of doubt, you stumble, it comes off as extremely unconfident, and you will just never close the deal, either. So, you just need Whatever number you say, you just have to say it extremely, extremely confident. That's the key. So, now the next part of the call, right, that a lot of gurus, a lot of people teach sales, they really spend most of their attention on the handling objections, right? So, you were probably taught to handle objections for the majority of the calls, right? People say that the selling starts once you hear a no, right? That's what the sales gurus tell you. And although I don't 100% disagree with it, you What you need to do is you need to understand why you get those objections and how to navigate in those specific situations, right? What you need to do is you need to first consider why they're giving you a objection to begin with, right? But the thing is is although I say this, you you have to understand that you will still get, you know, you will still get objections on calls no matter how well you perform, no matter what you say, and what you need to do is you need to know how to turn it into a closed deal. So, objections still happen, and you were probably taught the conventional way of handling objections, right? Um people tell you to continue digging and digging and digging, asking questions after question, until you feel like you have arrived at the correct objection, then you handle it from there. And perhaps you have tried this. Maybe if you never taken a sales class, you haven't tried this, but you heard someone talk about it, right? And this might have worked a few times, but it's definitely not a sustainable way to close deals at scale, right? And the reason why is because the market has sophisticated. A bunch of people, they understand how sales work. They understand that you're trying to diffuse their objection. You're trying to overcome overcome their objection, right? So they become a lot they become very resistant to it the second they hear you open your mouth to the objection. Uh they're already in their own minds, they're like, "Yeah, I know exactly what this dude is doing." Because the market has sophisticated, right? Your prospect knows exactly what you're trying to do, and they get really impatient, and they'll get annoyed very quickly, and they try to just get off the call. So whatever and whenever I get an objection, I just what I do in my mental model for this is I automatically assume that that objection it's either a value objection or a money objection, right? And what you have to do is you need to enforce an open conversation that can prove otherwise. So instead of probing around and asking question after question, what we need to be is we will be direct, we'll be concise, while asking the least amount of questions that yield the highest results. Remember in the beginning I said the key is to be asking powerful questions. So to make it simple, if someone says, "Jimmy, uh I need to think about it." What I would then say is, "Okay, no worries, Steve. Listen, now that I have gone through everything, right? Does this excite you, right? Is this something you actually believe will get you results, right? And depending on what they say, they might say, "No, I don't think it will get me results, right?" If they say no, right? You just pretty much up your in the phases of finding out their goals and tying it to the solution, right? You're pretty much just you just screwed up, right? That's just what it is. You need to go back and you need to probe and correct any misconceptions they had about your service, about your offer, um and for the next call, you need to identify where you messed up and you need to change it, right? That's quite literally what it is, right? If they say yes, they understand and they believe the value of what you're trying to sell, uh you have to understand why they feel that it is, right? You need to ask them why they feel that way. Again, you got to dig a little bit deeper and then if you do this correctly, they the prospect will then tell you exactly why they feel like the solution is what they're looking for, right? And then after that, you just after they explain that, you just loop back into closing the deal. You give them some benefits, some examples of people that you have helped or, you know, if you don't have that, you don't have case studies, you got to break down again exactly the value and the specific things and, you know, the basically what your service provides, right? You got to make this conversational and you got to make this fluid, right? And that's where a lot of objection handling frameworks that people teach you is a little bit flawed because they tell you to follow the framework, but that's not how it works, right? You got to be very conversational, you got to be fluid and you got to be ready for any possible reply that the prospect gives you. That's just how it is. That's the simple truth of sales. So once you're able to handle objections, what you need to be doing is you need to be closing the call, right? So a lot of people overcomplicate this part of the of the sale, right? What I would advise you is don't overcomplicate this. If someone wants to work with you, if they understand and see your value, they trust your process, no matter what you will say, it will make very little difference to the call, right? Obviously, if you say some really stupid stuff, then you know, you're screwed, right? But what I'm trying to say is at this point of the call when you're trying to close, uh and they believe and trust the process, it's really not that hard, right? You're basically it's on you if you lose the sale, right? If you've done a good enough job relating the value of your services and tying that to the problems or challenges that they have, and you're able to show the prospect how it's the key, your product or your service is the key to solving the biggest problem, you can literally just ask the prospect, "So, Steve, where do you want to go with this?" Or you can ask, "So, Steve, what do you think are the appropriate next steps?" And if you've done a good enough job, Steve will tell you, um "Let me take care of the invoice, and we'll go from there, right? Let me take a look at that agreement, we'll go from there." He'll say some variation of that. Uh so, what I'm saying is what you really need to understand is at this point of the call is you don't need a bunch of fancy techniques, and something like these two examples work extremely well to close the deal, right? If the prospect gives you an objection, you need to figure out the cause, and you need to go back to the previous chapter where I ran you over that objection handling frameworks, and you need to use that objection handling framework to uh re-loop back into the sale, right? So, someone who's really good to learn about objection handling is Jordan Belfort. His book Way of the Wolf is fantastic for learning about the basics of objection handling. Uh he did a really great job. Um just keep in mind that the process that he used is extremely high-pressure. So, although it works, you got to take that and iterate and try different things because if you use that word for word, he does give you some basic scripts and frameworks, if you use those things word for word, um you will create a lot of sales pressure, and it won't really close, right? And his pro- and his techniques, his objection handling processes, it's called looping, objection looping, it's very well-known, and a a of people that you talk to will understand how it works, right? So, uh you got to take that and iterate that a little bit, right? So, if your prospect is ready to move forward, what you need to then do is collect payment on that call, right? So, what you could say is, "Awesome, Steve. So, the next step is for me to send you over the invoice for $5,000. Is steve@google.com, so whatever email they booked the call with on a calendar, is steve@google.com the appropriate email to send this over, right?" You want to You want to ask that question. They say yes, and then you say, "Steve, so I just sent you over the invoice. Can you just check your email inbox and let me know if you see it. Sometimes it bounces, right? Or it just doesn't send properly for some reasons, right?" And nine times out of 10, the prospect will get the hint and take care of the invoice on the call, right? So, the reason we're saying this is because we want to collect payment on the calls, because sometimes prospects uh as a objection is a invisible objection, I guess we could call it, is they don't want to move forward, but they're too scared to say no. So, then they just ask for the invoice, they ask for more information, and they take that and they just never take care of the invoice, right? So, sometimes prospects will push to take care of that invoice on, you know, sometimes the prospect will push to take care of that invoice off the call, and that's when you need to be smart and have intuition as to if they're bullshitting you or not. So, a strategy I used and one that I say to prospects is, you know, especially if they are pushing for me to pushing to pay the invoice off the call, is I say, "So, Steve, while we have you here on the Zoom, we might as well set up the onboarding call. Does next Tuesday at 11:00 a.m. work for you?" So, by saying something like this, you are indirectly testing the prospect to see how serious they are when moving forward. You know, if they pay the invoice, what you need to do after that is you need to put an agreement outlining all the scope of work, right? So, this is pretty much the sales process Um um what I personally do to make few thousand dollars on a 30-minute sales call over Zoom, right? What I want to do is what I want to make a point actually is you can take these scripts. I'm putting them out here on YouTube because you can use them if you want. But, what you need to understand is everyone has a different style when it comes to selling. So, what works for me may not work for you. What works for you may not work for me. What you need to do is use these sales scripts that I'm giving you. You can build upon that. Uh put that into a Google Doc, put that into a Notion, put that into something. Uh you got you got to test it basically, and you got to iterate. You got to find out what works for you in terms of the wording, how it flows, does it flow out of your mouth very smoothly? If it doesn't, then you got to change it, right? Because the thing with sales is the selling confidence. That's the key. You're selling the confidence that your service will help them solve their problems. And if you're just reading off a script or you're using uh someone else's wording that just does not flow with, you know, that's just not congruent with your overarching message, then it's very hard for you to come off as very confident. It's very hard for you to come off as genuine, and you're just not going to close the deal. So, I've given you all the resources that um that I personally use to close deals, right? There's a lot of nuance to sales. It's probably the hardest aspect of building a successful agency because the sales is definitely a skill that you have to develop. It's a skill that it's always a work in progress. As you take more sales calls, you will obviously get better. You can't expect the first sales call you take to be a really good one. You can't expect to close your first deal on the sales call. Some people do, but that's just simply uh unrealistic expectation, right? You can go and copy cold email scripts. You can copy them, send them out word for word, and you can book meetings tomorrow. But, it's very unlikely you're able to take uh someone else's sales script, copy that word for word, and close a deal tomorrow or next week, right? That's just simply not how this works. And what you have to do is you just have to put in the reps. You got to talk with a bunch of people over these sales calls, hear a bunch of no's, and then as time progresses, you will get better, right? That's just the simple facts of sales. No one ever tells you this. They try to tell you the idea that by copying the script, by copying this specific process, you will be able to close 50% of all your sales. That is simply false, and you will never be able to do that right off the bat. That's just the facts, unless you're just so stupidly gifted with the with the sales talent that you're able to do that right off the bat. But, you know, if you're watching this, it's highly unlikely you're able to do that. Or if you're a beginner, you most likely don't have you're basically not able to do that, right? It's just highly unrealistic, right? What you have to do after each of these sales calls is you have to record these on Zoom, and you got to listen back to them. So, in the very beginning, uh I really didn't like listening back to my voice. I just thought it was really cringey. Uh I didn't like how it sounded, but I can't stress the importance of rewatching your sales calls. The reason why is because after you rewatch your sales calls, you're able to pick up on different aspects of what you're saying, of different aspects of what your leads and your prospects are answering as well, and you're able to understand where you're able to change next time, where you're basically able to improve, and how you can get better. Every single person who is very good at sales, they listen back to their sales calls so that they know where to improve for next time, right? It's the part of getting better and better. If you don't If you're not comfortable with doing that part yourself, you need to find someone else who you're able to listen to your sales call and give you non-biased feedback, right? What you could also do to really get really good at sales calls really quickly is you could do role plays. You need to find someone else to practice doing these sales calls too. Find a friend, find a family member, find someone who you can do these role plays for, right? And that's kind of what you have to do if you want to get really, really good in a very quick period of time, right? Now, obviously, um the other way is just to book so many sales calls. I'm sure if you book 100 sales calls and do this 100 at times, you will become really good, right? But that's obviously something that takes a little bit of time. If you want some role playing, if you want me to listen to some of your sales calls, um I can do that. That's what I do for some of my consulting clients. Uh and that's exactly how they're able to close deals so quickly, right? Because you just need a lot of training, a lot of reps, and sales is definitely something you need to do that. Uh but I don't want to take too much time, right? Uh this is pretty much the sales call, right? I do want to give you a bonus, and that is something, a technique called a pre-framing question, right? So, quick intro to the pre-framing question model is that you can use this to develop complexity into sales scripts, right? So, this is not rocket science, but it's definitely important to understand so that you can separate yourself from the rest of all the other sales people, right? So, nowadays, one thing that you have to realize is that everyone that you speak to, they have been through many sales calls before, right? They're probably bored as hell, and they're probably anxious to be put in the same shitty solution over and over again in a high-pressure sales environment. Most sales calls are terrible, right? They're nearly always one to a one-way ticket to pressure city, right? So, forcing you to go down the corridor to buy something. So, no wonder no wonder a lot of people, they always say, "I need to think about it." And that's why that's the most common sales objection, right? So, I want you to use this bonus chapter to understand how you can genuinely be different from everyone else. So, the key technique that I'm sharing with you here uh has three aspects of it. The first thing you want to do is precede the question after is precede the question and then reason for asking the question. So, if you take a step back, what I'm teaching you is the art of turning your sales script into a free-flowing conversation because you probably do this in your day-to-day conversation with your friends, your partner, and family members, right? A sales call is not just you asking a question and getting a answer and then going back to question and then answer, right? That's not how you perform a sales call. That's not how you structure it. And you don't want it to be robotic like that in nature, right? And this is what By doing that, that's what a lot of beginners do and that's what makes prospects hold their defenses up when you're just reading off of a script. So, similar to what I mentioned just earlier. Unfortunately, that's what a lot of people do, right? And that's why they struggle so much with sales, right? They ask a question, they they expect an answer back in response, and then after that answer by the prospect, the sales person then follows up. At this regards that the prospect's answers completely and they move on to the next question, right? They're basically saying indirectly, "I don't really care about your answer. I just have my next question lined up. I need to ask this, right?" By doing this, it shows a lack of understanding and it pushes the prospect to subconsciously think that this guy is not listening to me at all, right? And this leads to distrust. Distrust will lead to you losing the sale completely, right? And no one buys from someone that they don't completely trust. A successful sale sales call should feel genuine. It should feel like a authentic conversation that's steered in a clear direction where both of the people, um the prospect and you, you're looking to figure out if this product, if your services, if your solution actually a good fit for both parties involved, right? So, none of this BS convincing them to buy and then throwing the kitchen sink at them, utilizing all the objection handling techniques that you've learned from YouTube, right? So, that's why this script can only be considered a framework, right? Because you simply cannot account for the free-flowing conversation and the different comments that the prospects may have to your answers, right? They may spin off your questions and that will you just have to build off of that in a spontaneous way to, you know, figure out how to lead that conversation forward and that's probably the most challenging aspect of sales, right? So, for example, a technique that I'm teaching you in this bonus chapter uh could be applied to the question, right? If they ask you Sorry, if you ask them, "So, Steve, what challenges are you facing that our solution will help you with, right?" If you just ask this question directly like this, it could come off extremely salesy. You're basically fishing for a very specific answer to push them through and down that corridor to make them buy something, right? So, what you could do as a first step is you could do something called pre-framing. You could say, "If you don't mind, Steve, I'm curious to hear what challenges are you facing that X solution will help you with." And then after that, what you want to do is proceed the question. So, you could then say, "So, Steve, I apologize for the complete interrogation that you're facing, but it's just very important that I understand the situation completely." And then you're able to ask the next question. And then step three is by saying, "Reason I ask this, Steve, is because the answer to that question will allow me to figure out exactly what we can do to help you guys and how that fits into the puzzle logistically, right?" So, you're basically giving some more background context, some background information as to how this works. And by doing so, you're able to ask your question in a very specific way, um especially the high-pressured sales questions, and make it come off slightly less salesy, right? So, that's pretty much what I wanted to review with you. This is everything that I know about how to close sales. Obviously, again, there's a lot of stuff and you got to read in between the lines, but I hope you watched this video. I hope you're able to take something valuable away from this. If you are and you have any questions or you want me to help you in any sort of the way, comment your question down below and I will reply back to you and yeah, I'll see you in the next video. Bye-bye.