In this video, I will be showing you the most profitable AI lead generation niches to actually work with right now. And in case we haven't met before, my name is Jim Fung, and over the last two and a half years, I've actually made over a million dollars online with my own AI lead generation business. And I've documented the entire journey here on my YouTube channel. And one of the biggest lessons that I learned early on is this. Choosing the right niche can literally make or break your business. Because when I was first starting out, I literally had no idea where to even begin. And most people don't. You want to get into the space. You hear about all the money that people are making with AI lead generation, but the first question that comes up is what niche should I go after? And that was my exact question as well. And by the end of this video, you know exactly how to answer it for yourself and how to use AI to make sure you're making the right choice. And the best part is you could do this entire process yourself in literally less than 15 minutes. So, let's actually start with the basics. What even is a niche? In the simplest terms, your niche is just the type of businesses that you're going to help get more clients. It's the industry or the category that you want to focus on. So instead of being able to say, "Hey, I help everyone." You're able to get really specific and literally say, "Hey, I help marketing agencies or I help recruitment firms or I help software companies." That's your niche. Now, why does this matter so much? Now, this matters because the right one that you pick, the right niche that you pick will literally set the tone for literally everything else. It'll just make finding clients so much easier because you're not out there just spraying and praying. You're actually focused. And this will affect how much that you can actually charge because some industries actually value leads way more than other industries. And it even determines how fast that you will actually be able to make money and actually succeed with this because there's just some niches that just super hungry for leads while there's just other niches that are just hard to work with. So the next question is how do you actually know if a niche is actually profitable for AI lead generation? Now, over the last few years, I've actually narrowed it down to three important things that you actually want to look out for. Now, the very first thing is the niche that you want to pick. It has to be broad enough because as an example, if you choose something super specific like Facebook ad agencies, then you actually end up running out of people to reach out to. But on the other side, if you just go a little broader, if you go a little wider and let's say you choose marketing agencies, well, suddenly you just got way more options and way more people that you could actually reach out to. And to a certain extent, when you're first starting out, it is a numbers game, right? If you're reaching out to 50,000 marketing agencies, the chance of you signing one client, two clients, three, four, five clients is significantly higher than if you reached out to, let's say, Facebook ad agencies where there might only be, you know, let's say 5,000 of these Facebook ad agencies that exist. Now, the second thing that you want to focus on is the niche. They actually have to communicate using emails or phone regularly. And this one's massive because if a business they let's say uh they don't really commonly check their email inbox or let's say they don't really communicate over a phone call. Well, code outreach or sending code emails like what we're doing with AI lead generation. Well, it just won't works that well, right? And that's why we don't really want to be targeting local bakeries or small restaurants or like these small local restaurants or local businesses that don't really focus on, you know, responding to emails because if they're not checking their emails like that and on the other side, if you decide to work with businesses like agencies or consultants or B2B service providers, they're literally checking their, you know, their Gmail inboxes all day, their email inboxes all day. And that's exactly what you want. And the third thing that you want to look out for is the niche that you pick. It has to be B2B, meaning they have to sell their products or their services to other businesses because this is really where all of the money is really made because B2B companies, they're usually selling higher ticket services. So, what that means is that every new client, every new customer that they land could be worth thousands or tens of thousands of dollars for them. You know, at one point, uh I remember I had a client where they were selling their software development services for literally $150,000 to $200,000 a deal, right? So, what that means is for every single if I could get them one single client, they're literally making $200,000, which is why they're happy to just pay me if I'm able to consistently bring them leads. So, now that we have these three requirements just out of the way, the next step is actually super simple and we want to use AI tools like ChachiBT to help us make sure that we're actually picking the right niche. All right, so right now I'm inside of ChatBT. Uh, and I'll just show you how you can use AI to actually do this. So, I'm going to zoom in a little bit. So, here's literally the prompt that I said. I said, "Hey, can you give me a list of B2B industries or niches that I can sell AI lead generation services to? I'll be reaching out to them over cold emails, and I'll be getting leads for clients using cold emails as well." Um, so I'm explaining the business. Um, and it's instantly just spits out a list. So, it has marketing agencies, right? It has SAS companies, business consultants, real estate companies, engineering firms. There's a bunch of different stuff. And then, uh, as an example, I said, "Okay, I'm interested in learning more about recruitment agencies. Can you just tell me a little bit more about them? Right? Why would they be interested in lead generation? How do they currently get clients? How much do they charge? What are their key pain points in relation to their sales process or their lead generation process? Because what we're then trying to do is after you figure out one uh niche that kind of stands out to you, you then want to do a little bit more research. And essentially what I how I like to think about it is I want to put myself in the shoes of these recruitment agencies. If I had a recruitment agency, what am I caring about? What do I care about? What are my problems? And I want to do my research to put myself in their shoes basically, right? So AI chat, it does a really good job of doing a lot of the research. It says why recruitment agencies care about lead generation. It gives out a list, right? Recruitment live and die by new clients. Standard stuff. How do they currently get clients, right? So right now, what they're currently doing is they're doing a lot of cold calling. They're doing a lot of referrals. They're doing job boards. The occasional code email, but probably not that well, right? Here's how much they charge, 15 to 25%. Uh, this is important information to know, right? How much they actually charge for their services because again, back to the requirements that I mentioned earlier, you want to make sure you're working with businesses that are, you know, making decent amount of money, right? Because obviously with AI lead generation, this is a service that I strongly recommend selling for anywhere between $1 and $3,000 per month. And obviously, if you are selling your services, you're working with businesses that are selling products or services for, let's say, $100 or $200, the math doesn't really math, and it's going to be really hard for them to pay you1 to $3,000. Right? Now, for recruitment agencies, they're doing a lot, right? So, for example, if they place a sales rep for $70,000, they're earning $10,000 to $17,000. Meaning, it's very easy for them to uh spend $1,000 to $3,000 for my AI lead generation services because they're making, you know, an instant return on their investment. Here's some key problems that they have relative to the sales process. Uh stuff like that. I then got Chat GBT to expand a little bit more in detail. And that's exactly what you want to do with AI, right? Whenever you ask a question or a prompt into chat, you don't want to just leave it with the default answer. You want to have a curious mindset and just expand on that. Right? So, whatever it tells you, ask it to go a layer deeper. And that's exactly what I'm doing here right now. And that's exactly what makes AI so good, right? Because before chat existed, before this entire process existed, oh man, this would would have been such a manual process. You would have to actually talk to these recruitment agents. You got to find them. If you don't know any in, you know, in your life, you got to go and meet them and then you're going to have to have these conversations to ask these questions, right? But with AI, it does all of that research for you in literally less than 5 minutes. Right? Obviously, uh I'm recording this video, but I did this beforehand and it took me less than 5 minutes. But I got it to expand uh and it started telling me I started asking it about what are current trends that they're facing that is maybe impacting their sales process, their ability to get new customers, get new clients, or their current lead generation process. And it gives me a lot of trends, right? AI and how it's impacting it. Economic pressures, right? This is pretty interesting, right? uh persistent inflation and economic unpredictably are squeezing budgets, right? Clients expect hiring faster, lower cost and solid ROI even amidst hiring freezes or slowdowns. So that's pretty interesting for recruitment, right? Uh skill-based like there's a bunch of stuff over here. Uh and then for me, I was super interested because I was like, okay, tell me a little bit more about how the current economy, how that might be impacting recruitment agencies and the demand for their services. Why is this happening right now? Because obviously after reading that, I was super interested. I was like, "Wait a minute. I think recruitment services is super tied to economy, right? If companies aren't hiring, that obviously that must have some kind of impact on recruitment agencies." And this is kind of like how I'm thinking about this. So, every single niche that you're researching, it's going to be a little bit different, but just based on the information that you're getting with AI, just be curious about it. And for obviously for recruitment agencies, uh this is what I'm curious about, right? So, I'm asking it about what type of impact would the economy have? So, external trend, external thirdparty trend. Uh and I'm getting a lot of research, right? Clients are cutting back on hiring. That can certainly impact recruitment agencies, right? Job openings are declining, right? It's lower since the lowest it's ever been uh in March 2025. The lowest in, you know, since September, right? Recruitment agencies are fueling the pitch, right? 12% drop in gross profit. That's pretty massive, right? This is from what it sound, I don't know what age group is, but from what it sounds like, it sounds like maybe an industry leader for recruitment agencies. Um and this has given me a really good sense of hey if I was a recruitment agency this is what I'm feeling right now right and this will give me a lot of research that will help me decide um if this is a niche that I want to go after right so this uncertain climate is actually a strategic opportunity for your AIdriven lead generation services right gives me a couple points as to why this is the case uh and I think that's exactly what makes this process so good right you're actually able to use AI do a lot a lot of the research some alternative methods that I've personally done myself that works really really well. Uh, and you know, honestly, I was deciding if I should say it in this video or not because this is actually sauce, right? Like I think this AI stuff uh for the longest time, right? Like you're not going to like you're just not going to find anyone else on the internet just telling you and showing you this is what you search on AI because you know everyone's just trying to sell you something, right? But, uh, here's really where the sauce is because what you could actually do is after you get all of that information, you still, it's still super important to get more like, you know, boots on the ground information of recruitment agencies and stuff like that. So, what you could do is you could go on Facebook. I'm on my Facebook account right now. And I literally just go into groups and just search up recruitment. Uh, you could probably search up like recruitment agencies and there's like a bunch of these different Facebook groups that uh that you can actually join. Right now, obviously I don't run a recruitment agency, but you could like just go in in there and then you could just browse them, right? Some of them admittedly like these groups, they're like pretty empty, like people just don't talk, stuff like that. But this one looks like there's some engagement. Um, and it just talks about like different like inside these groups. Well, this one's marketing agencies, right? But inside these groups should be, for example, this one should be all people who are recruitment agency owners. So, exactly the type of people that you'd be looking to work with if you're choosing recruitment agencies inside your niche. And this exists for every single niche. Marketing agencies, software companies, logistics companies, insurance companies, you're going to find a group, right? And what you could also do is just find the Reddit threads, right? So now I'm on here on Reddit and I actually found this Reddit um I think subreddit. It's called recruitment. Uh and in here are all going to be people talking and posting topics, conversational talking points about their life as a recruitment agency. and I would probably just go down and just scroll it and look for things that I would think are relevant to getting clients, sales process, uh things like that. Right? So, here's a thread I found. Struggling to find clients, and there's a bunch of people giving advice and talking about what works for them, what they're struggling with, uh and what they're currently seeing right now in the market. Now, obviously, I think this thread is like two years old or something, right? And you probably want to find something that's a little bit more recent, but this is exactly what that process looks like. And this is super simple, right? Here's another uh Reddit thread. How do small staffing agencies actually find clients? Right? This was published around a year ago. Uh and there's a lot more information over here, right? So, they rely on a lot of networking events, right? Best way would be to look at the competitors, right? There's a bunch of different things over here. And this will give you points as to, hey, if I was working with recruitment agencies, here's how I'm planning. Here's how I'm going to strategically approach these recruitment agencies and see if they're interested in my AI lead generation services. So hopefully this makes sense, but this is overall what that process really and essentially this is exactly what AI lead generation looks like. This is exactly what that process looks like once you sign a client. Uh and this is the highlevel idea. And again, right, this isn't something that is just in super high demand right now. At the end of the day, every business out there, they literally need more clients. That's the lifeblood of their business. And when you combine that with AI where you can literally automate 80 to 90% of the work for you, now you've got an opportunity. You've got a skill set that's valuable to pretty much every single B2B company on the planet. Now, here's the key. Success with picking a niche, it doesn't come from overthinking it. It comes from actually understanding the niche that you choose. If you know who they serve, if you know how they make money, if you know where they struggle with in terms of getting new clients, you be able to deliver value and charge for it. And honestly, don't waste weeks just trying to pick the perfect niche. That's really where most people get stuck. just pick one niche, start taking action, and just literally learn as you go. You could always switch niches later on if you want. And that's the really cool thing with this because we're using AI to do this entire process, and you can literally research and validate a niche in literally under 15 minutes. So, here's actually my challenge for you from today's video. If you're serious about starting your own AI lead generation business, actually do this process that I just walked you through right now in this video. Pick a niche today and then drop a comment down below in the comment section literally telling me what niche that you're starting with and why you're choosing that niche. And that's it for this video. Hope you found it valuable and I'll see you in the next one. See youa.