Hey, hope you're having an amazing day. Today, we have such a fire video. What we'll be talking about today is how I made $10,511.94. And I'm actually just looking down my screen because I want to make sure I'm getting this right. And just to show you that this is real, uh I actually have my Stripe over here. I'm not sure if you can see that, uh but it is 10,000 Yeah, you can't see it. But, I'll just put it on the screen. But, I made 10.5k today, right? And I'm just showing that I'm refreshing my screen, stuff like that. Just in case the haters are like, "Yo, this is fake." Uh but, it's just super crazy. And the reason I wanted to film this video is because if I could go back to the Jimmy from 2 years ago, and someone told me, "Hey, I just made 10k in a day." I would have been like, "Yo, this guy's on some crazy talk." So, in today's video, I want to break down exactly what I did, exactly how I make $10,000 or how I made $10,000 today, and I'll share with you everything I did along the journey. And the reason I'm making this video is not to, you know, show off, not to flex on you, stuff like that. But, my purpose of today's video is to hopefully give you some inspiration as to what is possible because I'm just a 23-year-old kid from Canada, right? And I didn't have any previous skills, I didn't have any previous experience. I was flipping burgers at McDonald's for $14 an hour uh a few years ago, right? So, um I'm making this video because hopefully it'll give you some inspiration. Uh it'll give you some clarity because I know going from zero towards the first 10k month is the most uncertain, right? Because you just don't know what's going on. You're learning a bunch of different things. Everyone's saying a bunch of these you know, different tactics, strategies, stuff like that. Uh and hopefully in today's video, by the end of it, you will have some more clarity as to what you need to do in order to get to your first 10k month, and then hopefully first 10k week, and then your first 10k day. Hope you enjoy. So, here is how I made $10,511.94 in 1 day, and what you can do to copy what I know to get to your first 10k month, your first 10k week, and then hopefully your first 10k day yourself. So, today I'm going to show you the journey step-by-step of how I actually made $10,511.94 in a single day. And this video today is going to be in the format of my key lessons, essentially secrets that I learned along the way from going from broke and in debt to building a business that makes 10k a month, and then how I got to my first 10k week, and then obviously now my first 10k day. And again, this will be in the format as if I was able to make a video that teaches what I know now and what I know today to the Jimmy from 2022, so from the Jimmy from 2 years ago. And here's just a quick screenshot of my Stripe payment processor where I made 10.5k in one single day. And actually the other day I was actually out on a walk, right? Because the weather was really good. It's spring here in Canada. And while I was at the park, I actually got a notification on my phone that showed that I hit 10k in a single day. And it was a truly surreal moment. I can't even explain or put into words how I was feeling, right? Because I just never really thought that I'd be able to do it. Because just 2 years ago, right? Just 2 years earlier, I was a university student. I was studying business at university in Canada, and I also had over $15,000 in credit card debt, right? Here is actually a picture of my credit card where I owed them $15,000, right? And on top of that, I was working at McDonald's flipping burgers for $14 an hour. That's the minimum wage here in Canada. I was flipping burgers inside of a mall at Canada, you know, at a McDonald's, and I absolutely hated that job. So, essentially I had no skills, I had no experience, and I just didn't really know what I was doing. I knew I needed to make more money. I knew other people were making money. I just didn't really know what that path looked like for me. So then I started my own lead generation agency in October 2022, and that decision completely changed my life. And obviously, the long and short of it, I'm not going to go into that much detail what that is, but essentially what I do at my own lead generation agency is I use cold emails to first find clients for myself. Then using the exact same cold email system that I used to find clients for my own business, I then use that cold email system to generate sales opportunities for my clients. And then obviously, I get paid as a result because what I'm really doing is I'm essentially helping my clients make more money. I'm helping them get rich. I'm helping them make more revenue inside of their business. So that's essentially what I do, the long and short of it. But before I started my own lead generation agency, I actually tried and failed numerous other business models, right? I did SMMA, social media marketing agency, as well as for e-commerce brands. I tried drop shipping, right? TikTok organic drop shipping. I tried building my own email marketing agency using Klaviyo. So like the type of emails that you'd get on Boxing Day or Black Friday or this and that of different brands promoting their products that are telling you, "Hey, get this product right now. It's 20% off using this this discount code." So something along those lines. That's exactly what I was doing. And before I found success with my current lead generation agency, um after trying and failing these other business models, I actually at one point even considered giving up, right? I was questioning myself. I was asking myself if entrepreneurship was for me because I was in a ton of debt, right? I was in $15,000 in credit card debt, a little bit over actually, right? Uh and I wasted a ton of time not making any money. I was spent almost a year just trying different things and saw no success essentially. But yet, I saw a lot of young 20-year-olds online, and they were making tens, if not hundreds of thousands of dollars every single month. They were traveling to all these different countries around the world. They're driving nice and fast cars. They had luxury watches. They're doing all these different things. And for reasons I just can't explain, I just never gave up. I guess I looked at these guys and I saw that it was possible. And again, right? You know, the logic doesn't really line up, but I just never gave up. And because I refused to give up, this led me to my first 10K month in December 2022, right? So, around two-ish months after I had first started my own lead generation agency, I had made 10.5K in a single month. And then after that, I had hit my first 10K week in April 2023. So, that was around half a year, around six month-ish after I first started my business. And then I started hitting consistent 50K months by the end of 2023. So, roughly a year after starting. And as we can see in the screenshot, I actually couldn't find a screenshot of me hitting my first ever 50K month uh when I was putting this video together. I couldn't find a screenshot. But what I did find was a screenshot of how much money I made in January 2024. So, I'm filming this on April, so around three months ago, uh I made $57,000. And in December, the month prior, I made $55,000, right? And I started hitting consistent 50K months around a year-ish after starting. And then now, obviously, uh I hit my first 10K day in April 2024. So, basically a year and a half after starting, right? And my next goal is obviously to build my business and scale it to hit my first 100K month, right? Pretty much putting my businesses at a seven-figure annual run rate. And as I'm putting this together, I actually realized that all of these major benchmarks were 10.5K, right? I guess that's kind of my lucky number. We see 10.5K in a single day. We see 10.5K in a single week. We see 10.5k in a single month. So, for you know, for whatever reasons, I guess 10.5 is just my lucky number, right? Um but today, I'm not going to be talking about specific strategies or specific tactics, how to send emails, how to scrape leads. I'm not going to be talking about any of those things. Rather, what I want to talk to you about is the top lessons that I have learned over the past two or so years of entrepreneurship that has led me to hit my first $10,000 day. And this video, it's not going to be like the most generic advice that you see that other people put online about making money. It's not going to be stuff like surround yourself with millionaires and you'll be taking cold showers, waking up at 5:00 a.m. I'm sure some of these things do work and do help, but I'm not going to be talking about any of those things in today's video. In fact, here are the top 10 secrets that I have learned from my own personal experience. And the way I structured this is I'm going to be revealing one secret for each $1,000 that I made today. So, secret one, jumping right into it. Secret one is there is no such thing as a get-rich-quick scheme. And what I mean by that is you want to focus, if you're building a business and you want to make a lot of money, you want to look at it from the angle of if you want to get rich yourself, you first need to make other people rich. And that's kind of the fundamental law of business. And let's use Jeff Bezos as an example. Obviously, I understand Jeff Bezos is a very extreme example, but there's a quote of him saying, "I'm not worth $162 billion while Amazon is worth $1 trillion. What that means is I made other people $830 billion richer." That's a quote that he said, right? And it completely resonates because what he's saying is the reason he is rich, the reason he is worth hundreds of billions of dollars is because he made other people even richer, eight times richer, seven times richer, whatever the case is. And that's exactly how you want to approach building a business. The same principle applies, right? Before Jeff Bezos built Amazon, there were massive logistical issues with online shopping, and he realized that this was a massive problem, and he decided to go out to build a product, to build a service that solves this massive problem. Because the larger the problem that you solve, the more money you will make. He understood this was a massive problem in the world of logistics, in the world of online shopping, all of these different things. So, he built Amazon as a solution to all of these massive problems. So, before he built Amazon, if you wanted to buy products online, delivering the products that you just bought would literally take days, if not weeks, to ship out and deliver to your house. You know, returning products if you don't like it would be a complete nightmare. And essentially, there wasn't really a platform where there was a all-in-one shopping platform, and it just never existed. So, when Jeff actually went out and built Amazon, it solved all of these massive problems, and essentially, he was able to get rich in the process. I think getting rich is a understatement for him, right? And all of this to say, again, right, Jeff Bezos is a very extreme example of this, but when you're building a business, your own business, you need to make sure that you're focusing on how to make your customers rich, how to help them make more money. And understand that the bigger the problem that you solve, and if you're able to find a solution to these massive problems, the more money you will make for yourself. And for me, the reason I was able to make the money that I do with my own lead generation agency is because what I'm doing is I'm helping other business owners make more revenue in their business, right? I'm helping them get rich. I'm helping them make more money, and as a result, I make money. But how did exactly did I do that? Well, specifically, what I'm doing is I'm helping generate sales opportunities for my clients, for these businesses, and helping them find their next paying clients, the next paying customers. And as a business owner, figuring out how to find your next customer is a massive problem that every single business owner face, right? People lose sleep at night. Business owners lose sleep at night because they don't know where the next customer is coming from. And since I was able to help them fix this massive problem, obviously I was able to get paid in result of figuring out a solution to this problem for them. So, as an example, and again, right, this is not necessarily completely accurate, but if I made $50,000 in a month with my own lead generation agency, what that meant was I was probably making my clients, other businesses, probably half a million dollars in their own businesses, right? And again, these numbers are not like specific numbers, it's just more generic as an example, right? Because the more money I help them make, the more money I make in return. So, that's secret one. What's secret two? So, secret two is you probably heard people online saying to go out and learn a high-income skill. But what does that actually mean, right? So, I went on Google and I searched this up, and a high-income skill is defined as abilities that lead to better pay and a higher earning potential. And what that means in terms of building a business and making money as an entrepreneur is that there are certain skills that will allow you to make more money than others, right? All skills are important, but obviously not every single skill is of equal importance in the terms of making money. And what I realized is that the two most valuable skills in business is really learning how to sell and learning how to find your next customer to sell to. And obviously, these two skills, it completely makes sense if you really think about it, because if you're able to learn and master these two skills, you will never worry about making money ever again. And that's because you could literally start any business in the world and you will know how to find people who are interested in buying your products, buying your service, and you will also know how to convert their interest into tangible cash, into cash inside your bank account. And if you knew these skills and knew how it works and how to actually execute on sales and converting interest into cash, you'd be able to literally go out tomorrow and let's say open a lemonade stand and you will understand how to find people who are actively looking for lemonade and how to sell your lemonade to these people, right? And this is why in many organizations, in many companies, sales people are actually the highest paid roles. It's not accountants, it's not financial analysts, it's not engineers, it's sales people, right? And you could go and search this up yourself. Sales people are the highest paid roles in an organization. That's just a fact. And the reason why is because those sales people, they have the skill of being able to help the company find customers, find paying customers, meaning they're helping companies make revenue and bring cash flow into their business. And without sales, every company would grind to a halt and go under, right? They'll go bankrupt because the second companies stop bringing in sales, they don't have the cash flow to support their operations. So, that's one of the biggest lessons that I've learned. Uh and in the beginning, when the money just wasn't rolling in, when I was trying all of these different business models and I just wasn't making money, I realized that figuring out a way to learn how to sell and how to find my next customer was the key to success, was the key to building a successful business, right? Because again, these are the two most important skills to develop in order to make money in business. And if you are proficient and you understand these two skills, again, right? You'd be able to jump into most businesses and make money relatively quickly, right? And this is kind of why I personally believe that building a lead generation agency is one of the best business models for beginners. Because if you think about what a lead generation agency is, you're essentially learning the skill of finding leads, finding the next customer, and then you're helping your clients or for yourself or your own business sell this product or service to make money, right? So, you're using this business model as a way to acquire these two skills. And that's exactly what I've done, right? That's how I became good at these two skills was because I run my own lead generation agency and I spent a lot of time, a lot of months learning and mastering these two skills. So, that's secret two. Now, secret three is focus on traffic and client acquisition. So, when you're first starting a business and you're going from zero to your first $10,000 month, there's really only one key thing that you really need to focus on. And the reason I put this in as a secret is because there's obviously a lot of different videos online talk about how to get to your first 10K month and people talk about a bunch of different things. Oh, you need a website, you need a logo, you need a company name, you need to do this, this, and the other thing. But really, the only thing you need to do is focus on generating attention for your business. You need to wake up and think and ask yourself, how do I get as many eyeballs as humanly possible onto my business? Because if you really think about it, let's say you started your own business and hypothetically you were able to get all 7 billion people in the world on Earth to know about what you do, what you sell, and how you, you know, how your service works, you'd probably make it rain, right? You'd easily make money with your business because you're just generating a large, like just straight sheer volume of eyeballs onto your business. So, if you focus on generating as much attention for your business in the beginning, it'll be very easy to go from zero to $10,000 a month. And when it comes to generating attention and generating traffic for your business, there's really only three key ways, right? There's organic, there's paid ads, and there's cold emails or cold outbound prospecting. Those are really the only three ways to generate traffic and to generate attention for your business. So, here's what I mean, right? And with each of these three channels to generate attention, they you know, each of them works and they all have their own pros and cons. So, for people who are just starting their business, the channel that I think is the best channel, in my opinion, is focusing on cold outbound or more specifically focusing on cold emails. Essentially, what cold outbound is is you're reaching out to cold traffic, you're reaching out to people who don't know you, and you're pitching your services. And this could take place over emails, it could take place on Instagram DMs, Facebook DMs, LinkedIn Messenger, whatever the case is, cold calling. Those are all alternatives of cold email in terms of cold outbound prospecting. And the reason why I think cold outbound, more specifically cold emails, is the best for people who are first starting their business is because it's a channel that will allow you to get in front of thousands of people for a relatively low cost. And you're able to do this without spending hours of your day, right? You can literally send out a thousand cold emails and it might take you 20 minutes just to reply back to people because you're not manually sending these emails to these 1,000 people. Now, with ads, you see a lot of people running ads online, right? If you're watching this video, you've probably seen ads of people selling you something, right? That's an ad. But with ads, what you're essentially doing is you're trading money for eyeballs. That's literally what you're doing, right? You're making a video, you're putting ad spend behind it, and you're pushing that video that you put together, that ad, in front of as many eyeballs as possible. And it works and it works really well, but it's not really beginner-friendly. And the reason why is because, number one, you will need a lot of money behind your ads, right? If you want a successful ad to work, to convert, to get you new customers, you need thousands of dollars, tens of thousands of dollars in your war chest ready to just reinvest back into ads. And you have a very decent chance of losing your entire ad budget, at least in the beginning, right? Because if you're running your own ads, you probably don't know how to create a good ad creative, how to do proper targeting, how to use keywords, or you just have a very leaky or inefficient sales funnel, right? Because most people actually lose money on ads, right? And unless you have a lot of money ready to spend and ready to test, ads probably just won't work, at least in the beginning, right? And this is exactly why it's not that beginner-friendly. Now, with organic content, this is super powerful, but the only challenge or the only major cons with organic organic content is time, because it takes a lot of time to create content. And for organic to be a consistent channel that will allow you to get in front of thousands of people, you need to be consistently posting. So, you wouldn't be able to just post one YouTube video or one Instagram post and call it a day. You need to be posting multiple times a week, right? You need to be posting multiple times a month and creating each piece piece of content could literally take you hours, right? And in order for you to be successful at organic content, it's just going to take a lot of time. And if you're starting your business, you probably don't have hours every day, hours of a week to create effective organic content, right? So, as a result, when you're first starting your business, what I think is the most effective channel for generating as much attention as possible is using cold emails, right? And again, right? Make sure that when you're first starting your business, just focus on one thing, right? And that is how can I get as many eyeballs as humanly possible onto my business. So, secret four, and that is scaling and building phases of your business. And this is one thing that I just never knew about when I was first starting my business because you see a lot of people online talking about them making 10k a month, 20k a month, 50k a month, whatever the case is. And you never really see people talking about this specific thing. And I didn't know about this until I personally started a business that was making money. And there's really two phases of business. And again, right? That's building phases and a scaling phase. So when most people think about building a business that is growing, most people think of growth like this. Where your first month, let's say you make $5,000. Then month two, you make 10k a month. And then month three, you're at 20k, month four, 30k, month five, 50k, and so on. Where every single month your growth is just like this and you're just making more money than the last month. But in reality, what growth in your business actually looks like is more like this chart. Where not every single month you're making more money than the last month, right? Maybe month one, you're at $0. Month two, you're at 10k. Month three, you're at 8,000. So you make a little bit less than month two. Month four, you're at $18,000 because you're doing the right things and you're growing your business. Month five, you're at 15k. Month six, you're at 19k. And month seven, you're at 27k. So in reality, that's what growth in your business really looks like because there's two different phases of businesses and growth is not always linear exactly like this. It's more like this. But over time, as you zoom out, growth will look like this, right? It actually looks like this. But when you look into it on a specific month-to-month basis, it's more like this, more like rocky a rocky growth. And month-to-month variance is completely normal because at each revenue target, let's say you want to make 10k per month, you're at zero right now, you scale to 10k per month, that's because you're focusing on growth. You're focusing on driving traffic and attention and eyeballs onto your business. But what happens once you're at 10k per month? Well, what probably happens is if you're at 10k per month, you have a few clients. You scaled really hard, you're taking a lot of sales calls, you're sending a lot of cold emails, but you're going to realize that there's different parts of your business that is probably not working that well. It worked enough to get you to 10k per month, but what got you to 10k per month is not going to get you to 20k per month. Or what works at 20k per month is not going to scale you to 50k per month. And the reason why a lot of the times the growth kind of drops back down in the next month is because you're entering a different phase of your business where you're building different things. You're building your systems, and that is more so called the building phase of your business. And what I mean specifically by that, it leads me really to secret number five, which is how do you actually build a business? And I think the best way to explain what building a business actually is is if you were to take a business and you were to break that down into four phases. There's really four phases that you need to focus on. And what those four things are is client acquisition. So, under client acquisition is marketing and generating traffic for your business. The second phase is client onboarding. So, you have a lot of eyeballs, you sell these people, how do you actually onboard these people? The next phase is sales, right? So, how do you take these people that are interested in your offer and successfully sell them over call or close these people and actually bring cash through the door. And once you have people coming in, cash through the door, your next part is focusing on service delivery. And this is kind of the flywheel that you want to think about because if you think about it, if you're at $0, the only thing you need to do to get to 10k per month is figure out how to get in front of as many people as possible. That's client acquisition. So, then you go out, you build systems that allow you to, let's say, email 1,500 people a day. That will easily get you to 10K per month. You're just sending cold emails, and just by sheer volume of getting as many eyeballs as possible, you're going to make money. And then after that, you're going to focus on sales. Because now that you have a lot of people who are interested in your business, you're getting a lot of sales calls, what if you suck at sales? What if your closing rate is just really, really poor? You close one in 10 sales, which is, again, really poor. What do you need to do to increase that number from one in 10 to three in 10? You'll be building systems that will allow you to be better at sales. So, what does that look like? Is it building a better sales script? Is that building a better sales deck? Is that focusing more on pre-nurturing content before people jump on these sales calls, so that you warm them up a little bit more, and so that they understand what you do, who you are, what you sell, that type of thing. You'd then be focusing on sales. After that, you're making money, because you figured out the sales system that will allow you to get to 10K per month. Your next phase is to focus on service delivery. If you're at 10K per month, you probably have a couple clients, maybe three, four, or five clients. So, how do you actually get results for your clients? You then need to build systems that will allow you to get results for your clients. And it's a constant flywheel, because after you figure out how to get service, how to get results for your clients, you're at 10K per month. But that system that you built is not the same system that will get you to 50K per month. And what I mean by that is in the beginning, again, right? From zero to 10K, the only thing you need to think about is how to send enough emails, how to send enough messages, how to call enough people, whatever the case is, in order to get to 10K per month. And again, right? You can easily do that by just sheer volume. But you're not going to sheer volume your way to 50K per month. You're not going to use sheer volume to scale to 100K per month. You need to build new systems that will allow you to go from 10K to 50K per month. You might need other channels. You might need to um just nurture people better. Whatever the case is, you're now revisiting the client acquisition phase of your business. And then now, okay, let's say you're at 50k per month and you're starting to run ads because now you're pairing up ads as a platform with cold outbounds. You're building the systems that will allow you to print cash with ads. You're getting a lot of sales calls. But how do you close those people? Because for example, back to the example again, going from zero to 10k, you don't need that many sales calls. If you are generating 10 to 20 sales calls a week, you will be easily making 10k per month. But if you're generating 10 to 20 sales calls a week, 10 to 20 sales calls is not going to be enough to get you to 100k per month, right? And even once you get to 100k per month, let's say you have 50 to 60 calls a week. You're probably not going to be taking all of those calls yourself. Or if you have a salesperson, you have a closer, you might need a second salesperson. You might need a third sales people person. You might need a setter. Whatever the case is. So now you're building sales systems that will allow you to get to 100k per month because the sales systems that you had, which is probably you taking your own sales calls that got you to 10k per month, is not going to be a system that gets you to 50, 60, or 100k per month. And after you figure out the sales part that will allow you to scale to 100k per month. You have multiple closers, you have appointment setter, you have all of these systems built up, these sales systems built up. You probably have a lot of clients. And the systems that you used or the systems that you had in place that allows you to deliver results for five clients is not going to work when there are 50 clients. It's just not going to work. So now you have to revisit the service delivery aspect of your system, of your business. Figure out what you need to do in place to get better results at scale for 50 clients. Is that hiring a client success manager? Is that hiring inbox managers? Is that hiring different people that will allow you to concurrently work with 50 people without you spinning your head around. That's what I mean by every single part of the business. When you're growing your business, this is what people mean. They're thinking about the different phases of your business as individual phases and you're building systems for that specific phase and once you're done, you're moving on to the next phase of your business, building more systems, once you have that done, moving on to the next phase and once you build out systems at each of these phases, you will allow yourself to hit a new revenue target inside your business. That's what people mean when they say growing a business and I didn't really know this either until I started focusing more on growth and how exactly I was going to do that. So again, right? At each stage of growth, you're focusing on one specific phase of the business. What you're doing is you're identifying the problem, you're identifying the bottleneck at that specific system and figuring out how to solve that. And once you solve that bottleneck, you're then moving on to the next phase. And again, right? This is a endless cycle because again, right? What you have in place in terms of client acquisition that got you from zero to 10k is not the same system that will get you to 50k. So what you're doing is you're solving these bottlenecks that will allow you to get to the next phase of growth in your business, your next revenue target, your your next goal essentially. And as you grow, what you're doing is you're revisiting each of these phases to continue fueling your growth. So that's secret five and that's exactly what people mean when they say, "Oh, I'm growing my business. I'm building systems. I'm building SOPs." Now, secret six. So one of the biggest things that I've learned, and this was a massive mindset shift, is to charge more money for your services. And the reason I have this here is because I know a lot of people who are selling the same service for me as me for let's say $500 a month or $1,000 or $1,500 and then there's me charging 4K, 5K, 6K for the exact same service. And again, just as a word of caution, I'm not here to tell you to go out and charge $10,000 for your first client. That's not what I'm saying and that's not how it works. But what I am saying is you need to be valuing your service, you need to be valuing your time and your expertise and understanding that you're solving a massive problem for business owners. So again, if you're thinking of selling your services, you're watching this video and you're trying to sell your services for 500 bucks, $1,000, $1,500, that's just really low. And those same businesses that would work with you for $500 a month would happily pay someone else $3,000 a month for the exact same service assuming it's sold the right way. And that's one of the biggest things I realized and I think this is more so a mindset shift because pricing, more specifically how much you sell your services for, essentially you are selling and taking your own sales calls for your business and this is a massive mindset shift. So as you are selling your own service, you're the only salesperson, this will have the largest direct impact onto how much money you make. And I completely understand why because when you're taking your own sales calls, you're still adopting the perspective of a consumer, of your own personal biases and opinions as to what is considered a lot of money and what is considered a low amount of money. And I think one of the largest reasons why is because it's commonly known, right, that the average American, they don't even have $1,000 cash saved in the bank bank accounts, right? According to this, 56% of Americans don't even have $1,000. So when you look at it from that perspective, it's very easy to understand why you might think selling a service for $3,000 is an absurd amount of money. That's a lot of money." When in reality, it's really not. It's only a lot because for the average consumer who doesn't even have $1,000 yet, $3,000 is a lot of money. But, the truth is is what we're doing is we are selling to businesses who are making tens of thousands of dollars in revenue every month, some even hundreds of thousands of dollars in revenue every month. And if you're selling your service for, let's say, $3,000, these businesses are probably paying more in Stripe payment processing fees than $3,000. And that's exactly what happens to me, right? For where I'm at in my business, if someone were to sell me a service for $2,500 or $3,000, that's less than what I pay Stripe to just process the payments and to deposit the money into my business bank account. So, what I'm trying to say is in the grand scheme of things, for businesses that you actually want to work with, selling your services for $3,000 plus is actually very simple to do. And I put this diagram together because when people are first starting their business and they're first selling their own products or they're first selling their own services, this is a cold prospect. So, this is a random person that you're pitching your product to. And let's say you're selling it for 500 bucks or $1,000, $2,000. This line represents the effort level it takes to, you know, sell your services for 500 bucks. But, what I realized is if you were to sell your services for double the price, for, let's say, $3,000, yes, it might take more effort, but it doesn't take 10 times the effort to sell your service for 10 times the price. It might take 10 or 20% more effort to sell it at 10 times the price. And that's what I realized that the effort it takes to sell something that is more expensive is not exactly linear based on how much you're selling it for. And that's an observation that I have made. And as a result, if you're going to be selling your services for let's say 500 bucks and people are objecting to your 500 bucks because that's what people would do, right? Any at any price point you sell it at, someone will tell you it's too expensive and they're going to try to haggle or ask for discounts. The same thing's going to happen to people who are paying you $3,000, $4,000 and $5,000. But if I was going to negotiate with someone who is trying to ask for discount, I'd rather it be at $5,000 and not 500 bucks, if you see what I mean. Because it's really not that much harder to sell your services for a high price. And that's the biggest mindset shift that I realized, right? Again, right? An observation that I've made is it is probably or it probably takes 10 to 20% more effort or more skill to sell a service for double the price. And on top of that, the clients who are able to pay more money, they're generally better clients and that makes sense, right? Those clients that are able to afford paying you $5,000 a month, they're probably making significantly more money than the clients who is struggling and is negotiating with you for 500 bucks a month. Generally, those clients, the higher ticket clients, they're just easier to work with, they reply quicker, they tend to not micromanage and if they are committed to the process, they're more likely to get results and the results that they'll get are just generally better because they're just higher quality clients and people that you just want to work with in general. Now, another reason why you want to charge higher prices is because it will fuel your business growth. It will give you enough cash flow up front, cash flow coming in through the door to continuously reinvest back into your business to help you make more money, to help you get to your next revenue target. So, if you're only charging, let's say $500 or $1,000 for a client, which is very low, that doesn't really leave you much money to continuously sharpen your skill, reinvest back into yourself, hire people, reinvest into better tools, better softwares, and things like that because $500 really isn't that much. And again, just to be clear, I'm not suggesting that you go out and sell your services for $5,000 to the first ever client that you work with because just because you watch this video and I'm telling you to do so. That's not what I'm telling you to do. I'm telling you to charge what you're worth and to use Make sure you're charging enough money to get cash flow through the door that will allow you to fuel your business growth and to build a better service and to build a better product. Now, secret seven is So, there's a lot of people online who teaches people to start a business and hire team members just right off the bat when they're first starting the business. Oh, go out and hire a salesperson. Go out and hire a media buyer, etc. And I understand that in business, you don't want to be in a position where you're the only person running the show because that's not really a business. You're just a glorified freelancer. If you go If you get sick or you want to go on vacation for, let's say, 2 weeks, everything in that business would grind to a halt because you're the only person running everything. So, I understand that perspective completely and that perspective of going out and hiring different people inside your business. But the problem with that perspective is with that perspective is if you hire too soon in your business or you go out and hire for the wrong roles, it will have devastating effects for your business. What will happen is you might lose money. You might get scammed. You might waste a bunch of your time. And these are all things that will happen to you if you hire too soon in your business or you just hire the wrong person. So, as an example, if you start a social media marketing agency where you're running ads for, let's say, personal trainers, for gyms. If you have zero clue how to run ads and you decide to go out and hire a media buyer from the get-go, that guy who will run the ads for you, what happens when you sign a client and you're not able to get them good results with the ads? What are your next steps? What do you do next? And you're not going to know how to fix that because you have zero clue how to run ads. So, what I'm saying is you don't need to go out and learn how to run everything yourself. You don't need to be an expert, but what you do need is you need to be you need to understand how everything works at a high level in the beginning and then hire out those roles. You don't need to be the best person on planet Earth at running ads. You don't need to be an expert at running ads, but you should still at least understand how the Facebook ads platform works, why certain ads convert better than others, how to do ads targeting, all of those things before you hire out that role. So, for me as an example, I know when I was first starting my business, off the get-go before I even had my first client. So, I started my business in October 2022. And around November, I hired a inbox manager. So, I'm sending these emails and people replied back to me, right? I need someone I hired someone who would then go out and reply back to these people on my behalf because I was doing it for two or three weeks and I was kind of just fed up of doing it every single day. So, I went out and hired a inbox manager before I even signed my first client, before I had cash coming through the door. And looking back at it, I don't necessarily regret doing that because of how everything turned out, but hypothetically, had it taken longer for me to sign my first client or if I went months before making money, things would have played out completely differently. And I know this might sound a little bit hypocritical, but I actually don't recommend hiring out any roles before you make money at all or before you sign your first few clients. In fact, while building a lead generation agency, I actually put together this chart of kind of what I think is the best path to take. So, when you're at $0 a month, you're obviously first finding out about the business model, you're learning how everything works, you might have a lot of questions about how to do certain things. You're You're by yourself. You're learning how everything works and you're trying things out for the first time. You're setting up these email accounts for the first time. You're writing cold email scripts for the first time. It's always the hardest at the beginning and at this phase of the business at $0, you're just learning and getting a groove for how everything works. Sure, so you're doing everything your yourself and you find out what works. Now you're at 10K per month. At this part of the business, you're what I call a glorified freelancer. Because you might have three to five clients, you're making decent money, you're starting to get the hang of how everything works. And what you'd be doing is you're probably still going to be doing it by yourself for the most part. Maybe you have a VA or something like that. But essentially, what you'd probably be doing yourself is you'd be replying back to emails yourself, you'd be taking all of your sales calls yourself, you'd be talking and communi- communicating with clients yourself, doing service delivery, setting up all the cold email infrastructure, doing all of these things yourself. So if you get sick or you go on vacation for two weeks, you're not going to be doing any of these things, right? Because you'd be essentially out of office and the business will grind to a halt because you're a glorified freelancer. And that's a phase of the business that's completely normal. But at the next phase, you're at 20K per month. You do the right things, you grow to 20K per month. You're making pretty good money, you have multiple clients, and you're starting to understand how everything works, but you might not necessarily be an expert. You might not be the best at writing cold emails. You might not be the best at scraping leads, but you understand how it works and you're able to do it yourself. What you might want to hire out for is a inbox manager. So someone who replies back to your emails for you. You might want to hire a systems integrator. So someone who has set up the cold email infrastructure for you because you don't want to be spending your time clicking buttons on Port Burton or clicking buttons on Microsoft Admin Center. But what you'd probably still be doing is you'd probably still be taking your own sales calls. You would be managing and overlooking the overall client strategy, you'll still be communicating with clients, but what you're really going to be doing is focusing on building systems and SOPs. You're going to be recording and documenting all of your processes that has allowed you to get to 20k per month. So, then you'll be able to start hiring out for these roles. That's what you'll be doing at around, I'd say, 20 to 30k per month. At 50k per month, what you're probably going to be doing is you have a lot of clients and you're getting them great results because you figured it out how to get good results for your clients and hence you're charging a higher ticket. You're charging multiple thousands of dollars. You're not charging 500 bucks. And if you were charging 500 bucks, you wouldn't be at 50k per month, right? What you want to be doing is spending your time to focus on actually growing your business. So, you don't want to be doing the actual stuff. You want to be leading the business and focusing on the general direction that your business needs to go through in order to continue growing to get to that next level of business growth. What you're probably going to have on your team is, again, inbox manager. You will have a systems integrator. You might go out and hire a salesperson, a closer, so someone who takes these sales calls for you and you might look into hiring a client success manager. So, the client success manager is someone who would communicate with clients. Clients are having problems, they're having questions. You want a client success manager to take care of that. They'll probably be doing the client onboarding for you, all of these little things. But what you'd be doing is, again, you'd be focused on growing the business. You'd be focused on the overall direction of the business and what you'd be doing, the majority of your work, is hiring and training team members. That's what you're doing. And this is kind of the general progression that I realized kind of just works the best in this specific business model as a lead generation agency. And this is my personal opinion, so I'm sure you could probably hire for, let's say, a salesperson at 30k per month as an example, but it might not necessarily go that well. And this is just my own personal opinion of what I've done as I went from zero to 50k per month. And the overall premise of this secret is just to not hire too quick and understand that each part of your business, at each phase of your business where you're at in terms of revenue, there's very specific things that you still want to be doing yourself and there's very specific things that you don't want to be doing yourself. But you don't want to skip steps and hire a salesperson when you're making $5,000 a month. It's just not going to play well. And on top of that, the salesperson is probably not going to want to work with you because you're probably not generating enough sales calls to hire a salesperson. You're probably not making enough money or charging enough money for that salesperson to put food on the table for their own family and for their own household. So, secret number eight. And I think this is very important because I know when I first started my business, one of the largest things that I kept on hearing from people was that building a business is risky. Entrepreneurship is risky. And personally, what I think now is that's a complete myth. And the reason why I say that's a myth that building a business is risky because the truth is that every single business model works. And in every single business, there is someone making a lot of money doing that specific business model. And that is everything. So, whether that's drop shipping, SMMA, lead generation agency, um email marketing agency, every single business model, there's someone making a lot of money because every business model works. And the reason why is because the person who is running that successful business, they just know what they're doing. They understand how to, drive traffic to their business. They understand how to nurture and convert interest into dollars. They understand how to sell their products or services. They understand how position their offer and position what they're selling. They understand how to fulfill for customers and clients and get them great results. How to hire. The list goes on. So, when people start a business and it just doesn't work, the reason why is because the person who started that business that doesn't work, they're just not doing the right things. So, as an example, um when I was starting my own online making money journey, my own online business journey, I tried a bunch of different things, right? Drop shipping, SMMA, email marketing agency, and looking back at it, the reason why it didn't work was because I just didn't have the skills that allows me to succeed in those business models. Essentially, I just didn't know what I was doing. I didn't know any of the things that was required in order to be successful at that business model. But, the truth was there were a lot of people making a lot of money with drop shipping. A lot of people who were making money with SMMA because they just knew what they were doing. So, it was risky because I, as an entrepreneur, just didn't know what to do and didn't have the skills that was required in order to succeed. So, as an example, because I've built my own lead generation agency to consistent 50k months, if I had to start again, I'd probably pretty easily build another lead generation agency to that mark again because I understand the specific things that needs to be done in order to build a 50k per month lead generation agency because I just understand what I'm doing. So, I tried to illustrate what I mean with this diagram, and obviously, uh it might not be the most accurate, but hopefully you see what I mean. So, we take a look over here on the left side. This is the entrepreneur. And as you're building your business, you have you're faced with a lot of different decisions, whether that is how much to sell your services for, how do you want to position your service, how do you actually sell your service, how do you reach out to people, how do you drive traffic to your business. All of these are decisions, and you're always faced with a bunch of different decisions, but the person who understands how the business works and they understand what it takes to build a successful business that is making money, they see with really clear clarity as to what the best decision is. So, over here's the yellow, right? This represents the entrepreneur who understands the {quote} right steps towards building a successful business and making money. But, someone who's first starting out in business, they probably don't know or they don't have clarity as to what the best decision is. So, then they go off onto all of these different paths leading to them going months and not making money. So, that's kind of what I mean when I say that business isn't risky, it's the entrepreneur. Because the business model works, the structure of it works. There's a very clear way in order to succeed and make money with any business. But, as someone who is first starting out, obviously, that person doesn't know what the best way it is. So, then they go out and they make these decisions and these decisions lead them to the wrong path or it's a inefficient path, whatever the case is, and it takes them longer than they need to need to to get to where they need to be and to build a business that actually makes money. So, that's what I mean when I say that business isn't risky, it's the entrepreneur, right? If you had the business skills of, let's say, a Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk, you'd probably pretty easily build a business that makes over a million dollars a month pretty easily. You'd probably do it with your eyes closed. And that's because these people, Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, they're seasoned entrepreneurs. They had a lot of experiences in terms of business. They know what works and what doesn't work. And as a result, most business models that they try, they'll probably just succeed off the get-go because they just understand how everything works. Versus me, if I wanted to try, let's say, drop shipping again, right? Obviously, I'm not in drop shipping, but let's say I wanted to try drop shipping because I don't understand how everything works and I might not have the required skills or the experience in order to be successful at drop shipping, I'm going to make a lot of wrong decisions. I'm going to just get a lot of things wrong and I might go months, if not years, or even just give up because I won't be making money and I I be successful at drop shipping. So, that's kind of what I mean because the risk is on me as the entrepreneur because I just don't know what's going on and I don't have the skills that will allow me to succeed at drop shipping. So, that's secret number eight. Now, secret number nine is one of the biggest lessons that I've learned in business is that you just don't know what you don't know. And to expand on this a little further is if you really think about it, if you had the knowledge, if you had the experience, if you had the ability to make $10,000 a month in your business right now, you'd be making $10,000 a month right now. Or similarly, in my specific example, I'm you know, making around 50 to 60k per month. If I had the ability to make $100,000 a month right now inside of my business, I'd be making $100,000 a month. And the reason I'm not is because I just don't have the skills required that will allow me to make $100,000 a month. Now, sure, I'm going out and I'm learning what it takes to scale to 100k months, but as of right now, I just don't know what I don't know. I don't know how to get there and I don't have I'm not doing the right things that will allow me to make 100k per month. Otherwise, I'd be making 100k per month right now. And that was a very harsh, but a very valuable thing for me to learn and for me to understand because in life, there's really just two ways to learn, right? You learn with time or you learn with money. And I think a really good example of this is if I had to start a business all over again, let's say I was starting a sushi restaurant. I don't have any experience with cooking or with starting restaurants, but let's say I wanted to start a sushi restaurant. What I could do as option one is I can go out and try to learn how to make yummy sushi. And that might take me months of just learning how to start, how to make good sushi, and how to start the actual restaurant. And I could try all of this on my own and it might take me years before I'm profitable, before I make money, and that's assuming that I don't run out of money and my business closes down. Or as a option two is I could go out and learn from, let's say, Gordon Ramsay, where I can learn what he knows about building a restaurant. And if I learn what he knows about building a restaurant, there's a very strong chance that my own restaurant would be profitable extremely quickly, assuming I follow what he teaches and I build my own restaurant in a similar way to how Gordon Ramsay built all of his restaurants. And as an example, when I was first getting started with making money online, I paid a guy whose name is Kas Surguy Gittary. I actually have an interview with him somewhere on my YouTube channel if you scroll all the way down. But I paid him over $15,000 to learn how to start a business. And what he did, well, his offer was a little bit different because I wasn't learning how to build a lead generation agency. Uh he had more of a B2B consulting business, and he was making 5 to 600k per month. And although he was selling a completely different service from me cuz I was selling cold emails, he was selling some other stuff, by working with him and being in that circle, I had an inside look as to how he structured his business, and I was able to mirror that inside my own business. I saw who he had on his team, who he hired, and that gave me really important insights as to who to hire for my own business as well. And I was able to see from a customer perspective, a client's point of view, how to deliver good results and provide a good service for clients. And that was super valuable for me, especially where I was at business at that point. And I used a lot of those insights, and it greatly contributed to my journey of going from zero to 50k per month in my own business, right? Just being around him and seeing how someone who's successful running their own online business is building their own business gave me clarity as to how I need to go approach building my own business as well. Another example is last month in March, I paid another guy, I paid him $21,000. I wired him 20K to teach me how to run Google Ads because I knew that if I was able to run successful ads, that would be the key to getting me from where I'm at right now to 100K per month inside of my business. And what I could have done was I could have just spent time on my own searching online, watching different YouTube videos on how to do keywords, how to do targeting, how to do media buying, but I also knew that if I did this on my own, more likely than not, I'd probably spend many months just trying a bunch of different things and I'd probably just burn through tens of thousands of dollars in ad spend before just seeing any results. And worst of all, what I realized is there's probably a bunch of random things about running ads that I didn't even know were super important towards the success of Google Ads and I just simply didn't even know that those things existed, right? And you never know, maybe the thing that you don't know that you don't know is the crucial aspects of becoming successful in whatever it is that you're trying to do. And this is exactly why I decided to work with him. This is exactly why I decided to pay him the amount of money that I did because he was credible, right? He was spending over $15 million a month every single month on Google Ads and he clearly knew what he was doing. So, because I knew that he knew what he was doing, I knew that if I implemented all the tactics that he shared with me, I would essentially be able to skip the entire testing, the entire trialing period if I had tried to do it on my own and I'll just get results simply 10 times faster, 10 times easier, and it will just work essentially, right? So, I think the lesson here is to find someone who is ahead of you and learn from them. That's basically what the lesson is, right? But make sure you're finding someone who is actually an expert at doing what you're trying to do and try to pay them to teach you or show you how they did it, right? So, another example is if you wanted to learn how to play the piano, you could probably find a bunch of different YouTube videos online teaching you how to do that, right? And over here I I, you know, took a screenshot because I just searched up how to play the piano and there were like a million different videos talking about that. And it'll probably doing that, just watching these YouTube videos and trying on your own, will probably take you 10 times longer than actually just paying a piano coach to teach you how to play the piano, right? And you doing it on your own will probably increase the chance of you just giving up because you're going to try on your own, you're going to realize it's actually harder than what you originally thought, and you're just going to get bummed up bummed out and essentially just give up, right? Versus just working with a piano coach who's just that expert at playing the piano. Now, obviously, there is a caveat to this. Make sure you're doing your own research to make sure they're actually an expert because we're online and there's a bunch of different people online saying a bunch of different things and sometimes it could be a little bit hard to tell who's legit and who's not. Because if you find the right person to learn from, this will literally save you months, if not years, of you trying and just failing on your own. And it'll probably be cheaper and save you money because you could go out and do it on your own and just burn through your cash like that or work with someone and get it to work right away. And essentially, working with the right person will give you a clear path as to how to get to whatever it is that you're trying to achieve. I think the final thing I want to talk about this is I know that if I was able to go back to 2022 with what I know today, I'd probably be able to get to my first 10K day in probably half the time, most likely quicker, right? Because I knew what I know what to do to get to my current point in in And when I was first starting in 2022, I just didn't know what I needed to do, right? I was just trying a bunch of different things, fumbling around, and it took me a year and a half to get to my first 10k day. But if I could restart, I'd probably be able to do it in maybe 6 months, maybe 7 months if I'm pushing it. Uh and that's because I just know what I'm doing, right? So that's secret nine. Now the final secret, for secret 10, is if I was to look back at the past 1.5 years, the past year and a half, one of the most challenging challenging things that I had to figure out was learning how to deal with the uncertainty of entrepreneurship, the uncertainty of how to build a successful business. I was extremely uncertain as to what my direct next steps were to build a good business. I was uncertain as to who to hire, what to sell, and how to keep going. And what I realized throughout this journey is this uncertainty that I felt in the beginning, this uncertainty that you might be feeling if you are building your own business, it just never really goes away. But what it does is it kind of just changes as you see success inside your business. So in the beginning, I know when I was first building my own lead generation agency, I had a lot of questions around being uncertain as to what should I be doing on a day-to-day basis, or what are my next steps to get results and get clients and get meetings and, you know, make money. And as time went on, as I started to make money, the uncertainty of those questions kind of just shifted around. Now I'm not so much uncertain as to what I need to do, or what my day-to-day should look like, but I have I still have uncertainty as to things like who should I hire, or I'm at 10k per month, what do I need to do to scale to 20k per month. Those were the kind of things that I became more uncertain about as time went on and I got clients and I started making money. And in a way, that uncertainty just never really goes away. And that's just kind of the thrill of building a business. That's the thrill of entrepreneurship. So, as an example, let's say you're working a job. And you might actually just hate the job that you do, but if you really think about it, you don't really need to think about what you need to be doing. So, as an example, when I was working at McDonald's and my boss told me to go to the grill and flip burgers to flip the patty. Sure, I hated that actual job of flipping the burger, of flipping the patty because I might burn myself, I smell greasy, and it just kind of sucked, but I didn't really need to think about anything else. All I knew was I just needed to flip the burger. I hated it, but I didn't have uncertainty as to what I needed to do. But building a business and doing it by yourself is completely different because being your own boss, or for me, being my own boss, I had to make these decisions and I didn't always have the right answers or knew exactly what I was doing. And in a way, that's just part of being an entrepreneur and that's really one of the best things of just building a business. And the best thing I could suggest is to just embrace the uncertainty, right? So, here's a quote that I found from Stephen Covey. He wrote a best-selling book uh and his quote is, "If there's one thing that's certain in business, it's uncertainty." And all of these people that you see online, these people who are making millions of dollars, that uncertainty is still there. It's just they're uncertain about slightly different things. But that's really what I realized and over the course of this video, these are the 10 top lessons that I've learned throughout my journey going from zero and in debt while working at McDonald's towards making my first 10K in a single day. Hope you found this video valuable. If you did, make sure you drop me a like. Make sure you drop me a subscribe. And I guess just for fun, just to see who actually made it to the end of this video, drop me a apple emoji in the comments. If you drop me a apple, then I know that you're actually you actually watching the video because statistically most people don't watch the whole video and they just drop off. But if you're here at this point of the video and you're watching this part, drop me a apple in the comments and you know, I'll see that you're still watching this video. But hope you found this video valuable today and I'll see you in the next one. See you.