My name is Jim Fung and I've made over a million dollars online with my own AI lead generation business. And over the past two to three years of me running that business, I've had the opportunity to just work with a bunch of clients, almost a hundred different clients at this point. And in this video, I'll be sharing exactly what AI lead generation actually looks like. What are you actually doing with this opportunity? How do you do service delivery for clients? And what are you doing on a day-to-day basis to earn5 to $10,000 per month with this opportunity? And just to give you some background context on what AI lead generation actually is, essentially we're using AI to act as the middleman connecting businesses with new customers and new clients. And we're using AI, we're using automations, we're using different tools to help businesses get more leads and get more sales opportunities. So if you have no experience, if you have no tech skills and you're able to allocate a couple hours a week to start an online business, there's literally no better business out there than that you can start than AI lead generation. and I want to get more into the nitty-gritty and I want to show you how this actually works. So, let's get straight into it. So, basically how I decided might be the best way to go about this video was I just found a you know example which is a marketing agency. So, for example, we're just going to use this as our sample client. They're not my real client, but this is just an example. As you can see, um this is a marketing agency called Crackerjack. And as you can see, just right from the website, it says, "Scale, build, and grow your marketing with Crackerjack. Our team of digital marketers increase rorowaz or return on ad spend on average of 58% using Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Reddit, Snapchat, Twitter, and a couple other things. Right? Here's some uh examples of clients they have worked with. So, we could definitely use this in case studies, right? And essentially um basically from what I'm seeing from their website is they're essentially a marketing agency and they run ads for all of these really really big brands, tech companies, uh consumer goods companies, all of these different things, right? So basically uh let's say as an example that the type of clients that I work with for my own AI lead generation business are marketing agencies, right? Or in this case, Cracktorjack, marketing agencies selling advertising services. Here's kind of what they do. So in other words, the offer uh you could literally see it right from the website. Our team of digital marketers includes increases rorowass, so return on ad spend on average of 50% scaling Facebook and all these different channels. I took it straight from the website. An offer is basically a simple sentence explaining what they do and to who. Um, so we all know that they do advertising. Uh, so that's kind of what it is. Here's some case studies that they have. I found this on their website. Uh, and as you can tell, right, they've worked with some pretty big companies, right? Google, Oracle, Bite Dance, Twitter, Facebook, like all of these different brands. And obviously, they have a lot more other stuff. Um, but these are just some examples of their own clients and maybe it'll give you some ideas as to who you might want to reach out to on behalf of your client. So that's basically the background information of this client. Obviously, once you have your own AI lead generation business, maybe you'll be doing marketing agencies as well. Maybe you'll be doing some other stuff. Um, over the last 3 years, I've worked with clients in so many different niches, right? Marketing agencies, software development agencies, IT firms, PR firms, you name it, right? Recruitment agencies. That's really where I first got started. Uh, but, you know, you could work with basically any niche as long as they're B2B. And this is kind of what they'll look like, right? This is the information that you want to gather as you start working with some new clients. So the very first step after you understand what it is that your client does, who they work with, what it is that they actually do like the service they provide, the very first step is to build what's called a leads list, which is essentially a giant list of email contacts, a decision makers. So in our examples case of Cracker Jackack, we see that they have case studies like Google, uh, Tik Tok, uh, Facebook. These are massive tech companies that everyone knows about. So I figured if these were my clients, why don't I just go after tech companies? And you can actually leverage AI or chat GBT to actually help you build this lead list. And let me show you how to do that. So for example, here is my chat GBT and here's my prompt. I just say, I run a lead generation business helping marketing agencies get clients from cold emails. My client runs an advertising agency for tech companies made to large size. Who are the decision makers? Can you just write a list of decision makers I can use to build my leads list? And as you can see, chat GPT or AI, it just created a massive list of here are the decision makers. If I was selling advertising services, here are the people at these companies that would be most likely to make that decision to actually purchase the service. Right? So, we have chief marketing officer, VP marketing, head of marketing, SEO, founder, things like that. Uh, and it also gives me filters as well that I could use inside of Apollo, which is going to be our tool, Apollo.io that we'll be using to assemble and build together this leads list. So, for example, we put industry, which is computer software, SAS, IT companies, company size 51 all the way to a,000. Geography, you can filter it based on the country that you want to. And then the keywords being marketing, growth, acquisitions, demand generation, all of these different things. So this is the filters um that we will use. And let me actually just show you uh what that actually looks like when we go into Apollo because I already set all of this up already uh before I recorded this video. But basically on Apollo.io, this is what you see, right? As you can see on the left side, we inputed all of the filters that AI told us to put. So employee headcounts, uh, job titles, locations, the industry and keywords. And over here on the right side, as you can see, we have 213,000 of these, you know, co-founders, CEOs, owners, founders, head of marketing, chief marketing officers of all of these tech companies. Uh, and that's exactly what you want to do, right? And this is exactly how you build your leads list. And now all of these people, these 200,000 people, in theory, we could reach out to them on behalf of our clients and try to book in some sales calls and make some money for our client and make some money for our own AI lead generation business. Right? So that would be step number one, which is building a lead list. Now, step number two is actually writing the cold emails using AI. And this is really where a lot of people really get tripped up because it's, you know, a lot of people, they never written code emails before and they're always asking me, "Oh, Jim, I never written a code email. How do I actually do this? And it's actually super super easy because with AI, AI can actually write your code emails for you. So, here's another example of a chat GPT conversation that I had where I literally said, I'm sending cold emails for my marketing agency clients, helping them book sales calls. Here's the offer, case study, and industry targeted. Can you write me five cold emails with all of this information? And then chatb came back and asked me, okay, what's the offer? They have case studies. What's the target industry? And uh what type of tone do you want? and I put in all of the information that they have. Right? So, I literally took the information on their website on Cracker Jackack's website. I took the offer, I took the case studies, I took the filters. Like, I literally just copied and pasted. I didn't even format the prompt and I pasted into Chryep T. And it says, "Perfect. Thanks for the details. Here are five emails." And it actually just created five emails long. And I actually just pasted it out, right? So, email one is over here, email two, email three, email four, and email five. And if you just take a look at even for example email one, this is written on behalf of your client. So when you're reaching out to let's say a tech company on behalf of your client or on behalf of Cracker Jackack, I'm not telling them that I'm an agency that Cracker Jackack's working with to the person who is receiving this email. They can't even tell who's sending the email, right? They think that Cracker Jackack is sending the email on the behalf. And that's exactly what it should be, right? So, for example, this email literally says, "Hey, first name or hey John, let's just say, "We've been quietly helping companies like Google, Tik Tok, and Facebook, boost their rorowass by an average of 58% across paid channels, including Meta, LinkedIn, Reddit, Tabula, and even Snapchat. If you're actively scaling and feel like that you're leaving money on the table with paid ads, we might be able to help. Would it be crazy to hop on a 15-minute call to see if we could replicate this for your company best?" And then this would be, let's just say Cracker Jackack's founders name, for example, right? So, as you can see from this email, AI writes a pretty good email, right? And if you were to send this to a tech company, to a chief marketing officer at a tech company, they'll understand exactly what Cracker Jackack does, who they help, and the specific service that they'll provide for the company that you're reaching out to. So, as you can see, AI literally writes your code emails for you. Um, when I was setting this video up before I recorded the video, it I think AI took me maybe like two or three minutes to write through the entire five email sequence. It was really, really quick. And actually for our own students inside of inbox lab, our private one-to-one students, we actually built out a custom AI tool that will allow them to write all of these code emails because chat GBT. So even in this example, I use chat GBT and ChatG works. It works really, really well, but obviously it's not great. So if you're serious about uh taking this seriously, making a full-time income, obviously chat GBT might not be the best tool in order to write your cold emails, but it gets the job done. An analogy that I always like to give to people who ask me is chat GPT is kind of like running in slippers or running in, you know, just random shoes. Sure, you'll be able to run, you'll be able to cross the finish line, but maybe after that your feet will hurt or maybe your shoes will break halfway through, whatever the case is. Versus using a more advanced AI that we actually built out for our onetoone students that is kind of like the equivalent of running with the latest Nike running shoes that the Olympics people use, right? that the athletes inside the Olympics use, right? It's kind of the same equivalent, right? So, sure, you don't need more advanced AI because Chachi PT gets the job done, but if you're serious about taking this seriously, you want to make a full-time income online with this, you want to be really, really successful with this, Chachi PT is good to get started with, but it's not going to be the tool that you want to be used on a more long-term basis. So, after you write all of your code emails using AI, the very next step is to actually send these cold emails. And one of the best parts about AI lead generation is you don't need to be sending these emails one by one. You don't need to loging into Gmail each and every single day and writing these emails out, copy and pasting it out and press sending one by one. There's actually a tool that we want to use called Smartle.ai that allows us to send these code emails out every single day on autopilot. And here's an example of what that looks like. So I actually copied and pasted all five of those code emails and I just pasted them over here. Right? So, literally those emails that AI literally wrote for us that I copied onto that document that I was sharing earlier, all I did was copy it and paste it into Smartle.ai. And as you can see, the emails right here. And the best part about this, as you can see, is it actually fills out the personalization. So, based on that leads list that we pulled from Apollo, it changes the first name, right? So, if the person's name is John, it'll say, "Hi, John." If the person's name is Peter, it'll say, "Hi, Peter." Right? And so on and so forth. So, that's basically what you want to go about doing this. And basically after you set up this entire process, Smartlely.AI will start sending these cold emails out and you can actually decide when you want to schedule your campaign. So for example, I live in Toronto, so EST time zone and it's the same time zone as like New York. And obviously the people that I am reaching out to, I want to reach out to them in the business hours of the Eastern time zone. So I decided that hey, I'm going to send code emails on behalf of my clients from Sunday through Saturday from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. And that's basically what I'm going to do. I'm going to start my cold email campaign on July 28th, 2025. So, as you can see, every single day, all seven days of the week, from the hours of 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. at night, my cold emails for Cracker Jackack, for my client, Cracker Jackack, will be sent each and every single day. Doesn't matter how I'm feeling, doesn't matter if I'm at the gym, I'm taking a nap, I'm out at the restaurant, it literally does not matter. So, that's basically what you want to do. And that's exactly what you'd be doing for your clients. So, this is exactly what I would be doing if Cracker Jackack were my clients as well. So, essentially, I'll be building the leads list. I'll be using AI to write the code emails and I'll be using Smartlely.AI to actually send and automate all of these code emails. And pretty much all I'm doing on a day-to-day basis is I'm just going to be getting replies back to, you know, the code emails that I'm sending and I'm going to book sales calls for my clients and then my clients, so Cracker Jackack, they're going to jump onto these sales calls and potentially close the deal. So, I'm not involved in that closing process, in that sales process. All I do is I'm the middleman between Cracker Jackack and these tech companies. I'm sending cold emails for Cracker Jackack to these tech companies and once they book a sales call, that's basically how I'm getting paid and how my clients are staying profitable with the service that I'm offering. So, that's basically what I'm doing with AI lead generation. Hope this helps. If you have any questions, reach out to me and I'll gladly answer your questions. And hopefully this video helped you and just gave you more clarity as to what you actually do with AI lead generation. See you.