Yo, what's up everyone? In this video, we got a banger video because what we have is we have a student interview with one of my students, his name is called James, where he breaks down how he was able to start his own AI lead generation business and how he was able to sign his very first client with zero case studies and zero testimonials. He shares his own story. He shares key insights that he feels like has led him to see this level success and please make sure you pay attention, right? Because James' story will serve as a massive inspiration for those of you who are looking to start your own AI lead generation business and again, you don't have any case studies, you don't have any testimonials. If you like this video, make sure you drop me a like, make sure you drop me a subscribe, and I'll see you guys in the next one. You know, for for viewers and things like that, can you just walk through like your background, like who's James? >> Yeah, absolutely. So, yeah, my name is James. I'm a husband and a father of three daughters. That keeps me super super super busy. I work full-time in the construction industry. I've been in the construction industry since 2010. By trade, as you would say in my industry, is I'm a heavy equipment operator, which means I drive the really big yellow equipment that you kind of would probably see on the roadways or on big construction projects. So, I've been running heavy equipment for for 15 or 16 years now. And I love that [ __ ] It's It's hard, it's grueling, it messes up your body. It's difficult work, sweating and in Vegas, it's super hot in the summertime. So, this has been a huge um prosperous adventure for me because I would eventually like to make a lot more money sooner rather than later and kind of still kind of have my feet in the construction industry, so to speak. I'd be helping other construction companies, um, with the problem that all of us have in construction, which is like we have super big highs and super big lows, meaning the pipeline of customers is either like so astronomical that we can't get to projects or we barely have enough work to keep all of the crews busy and we're just kind of twiddling our thumbs. So, it's >> Yeah. >> hard problem to have and it's really hard to feed a family on a really unpredictable, um, pipeline, you know, we're not just like like we're not like bakers, you know, you go to the bank and you work every day from 9:00 to 5:00. It's not like that at all in construction. It's like either tons of work, 12 15-hour days, six seven days a week or, you know, four days a week, eight hours a day or two days a week, 10 hours a day. Like it's very fluctuating. So, yeah. >> Yeah, man. Yeah, I mean, sounds, I mean, full-time job, right? Sounds very physically, like, gruesome, things like that. I'd be curious like how much time do you have available, like, on even like a day-to-day, maybe even a week-to-week, to start something else online then in that case? >> Yeah, so that's a, um, uh, that's a great question. So, I like to read a lot of books and so that's been really helpful. Um, I read a I read a book, um, I think it's James Clear about Habits >> Yeah. >> And so, um, one of the key takeaways from that book that would be really helpful for anyone to know is you need to set day, a time, and a place to accomplish a task. So, um, the only quiet space in this house with, uh, six people here is in the garage. So, I have a desk out in the garage and, you know, I get home from work, I shower, I help make dinner with my wife, I help the kids with homework, and then family knows that from 7:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. Monday through Friday don't go out in the garage and bug dad cuz dad is busy. Dad's working on his business and working on, you know, getting our family successful and making more money so we can do more fun family things together. So, that's my time Monday through Friday is from 7:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. And then, on the weekends I'm already up um around 4:30 or 5:00 in the morning. It's just my body's naturally awake then. So, I normally work on my business about um about 5:00 to 5:00 Yeah, about 5:00 in the morning until about 9:00 a.m. Saturday and Sunday cuz no one bugs me. It's quiet. I'm alone. Um and I have that time where my head's clear and I can just sit down and just work. So, the biggest thing is having that schedule set up. Like, these are the times that I'm going to work every single day. It's set up. I have a place. I have a time. That's when it's going to be accomplished. And it it just works. >> Yeah, 100%. I love that, man. And I I read that book, too. It's a really good book. And I think at the end of the day it's like everyone has their own situation, right? You're working a job. You have a family. But, it all comes back to the reason why, right? And if there's a strong reason why, then you make the time, right? Rather than like scrolling on social media or watching Netflix for an hour a day, 2 hours a day, right? Why don't you use that time a little bit more productively like just be productive with it so that down the line you have all this time to do all these things and spend time with your kids and things like that. So, so I love that, man. Um obviously this is, you know, you started your own AI lead generation business. I'd be curious, James, have you ever like tried anything else before maybe bought some other courses like or this like your first time first go at it? >> Man, that is such a good question. I'm going to tell you the honest to God truth. So, I have bought in so many courses. Um I don't want to bore you with all of that. Um, I started out with the uh the Tai Lopez like 67 steps uh course, which was interesting. It was helpful. And then I did a um e-commerce store course. And then that didn't work out so good. And yeah, anyways, that that flopped, we'll say. And I bought another course, uh e-commerce course, um that was definitely more helpful. But the cost to get into like drop shipping and it it's it's just like it's a very hard niche to break into. It's it's it's marketed as something that's really easy to do and you can get rich quick from. It's definitely um not that. So, yeah, I uh muddled through uh e-commerce and drop shipping for probably the better part of 2 years and didn't find any success with that at all. Lot of money spent in uh ads and testing and products and um different um add-ons to my store and all that kind of stuff and a lot of coding and a lot of [ __ ] really. >> Yeah. >> I ended up like 10 grand in the negative on uh maybe more than that in those stores that I that I set up and monthly costs and expenses. So, um if I can tie onto that really quick, um my wife kind of didn't believe that this was going to work out for me doing this cuz, you know, the last five or six or seven courses that I've bought and like we've spent thousands and I've made nothing and then she's like, "Fuck, you're wasting our money." >> Yeah. >> So, when I closed that deal last Saturday, she was like, "Holy [ __ ] like you're actually doing that you like you've actually made money doing this. You've made $3,000 already. Like, holy [ __ ] like it actually works." She's like, "I didn't think it was going to happen. I didn't cuz, you know, you flopped doing these other things. But, uh she's like, "Yeah, I didn't think it was, you know, really going to work, but it did and it's working and I'm proud of you." So, that was a huge win for me that my wife's like, "Wow, it actually is working. It's actually doing what you said it was going to do and you're actually making money from it." So, huge win. >> Yeah, congrats, man. And I I know exactly how it feels cuz even when before I started, I ended up like 15 grand in debt. Just like buying like all these different programs, trying all these different things. >> Yep. >> You must have been like like after just being burned and things like that, you you were probably like highly skeptical yourself. I know you said your wife was, but how about yourself, man? Like, were you skeptical? Like, what was your thought process before investing into Inbox Ace? >> Yeah, actually one other thing if I might real quick. I had actually bought in uh two SMMA, which um for those that don't know, it's social media marketing courses. I had actually just prior to buying this course, I had bought in a $3,000 social media marketing course. And it was just complete [ __ ] Like, I could tell it wasn't going to work. I mean, I tried doing it for several months. Um and it was just it was a complete waste of time. The way of generating leads was completely manual. You could only send like 30 leads a day, you know, or emails a day. And it was just complete [ __ ] So, um can you rephrase your question again? Sorry, went off on >> Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was I was just saying, um you probably were like super skeptical like anyone else would have been, right? Like, you see another guy on your on your Instagram telling you, "Oh, there's this opportunity." Right? Obviously, it's like AI lead generation. What was like your thought process behind joining Inbox Ace? Like, were you skeptical? Like, what were your thoughts behind that? >> Okay, that's a really good question. Um so, um I I was definitely uh super skeptical, but as I jumped into the SMA SMMA course and started doing a lot of research and that was actually my first time using like Claude and Chat GPT and as I was kind of doing my own personal research while I was still messing with the SMA program um Claude and Chat GPT was like hey the thing right now to do to get into is like AI lead generation or AI you know appointment setting programs like that's that's the thing to do right now like that's what's working what's making money that's like the new and upcoming thing so I was like [ __ ] I need to find a program that offers you know Claude and Chat GPT are like hey we can show you how to do this thing you know like we can give you give you the steps so I kind of started to try to muddle through the steps on my own I was like there's no way like it's just too much for me to just do by myself and I want to actually real money so I was skeptical but at the same time I was kind of like in the mindset of [ __ ] it you know let's let's do it let's try it let's jump in with both feet and I would rather do it with a support system of a course and a community and coaching calls and you know the weekly coaching calls and you know we can message people and we can share wins like that that's a that's the best case scenario to win >> Yeah. >> because um you know you have you have people behind you that are also struggling or have also been in those same um problems or predicaments right where it's like [ __ ] what do I do here like I'm stuck like what do I do and with the course and the and the program and all the coaches it's like okay I'm stuck not a big deal Claude's not helping me as well as I thought it would Chat GPT not helping me as well as I thought it would it it kind of misleads you in places I'll reach out to a coach that knows what I'm doing knows what I'm stuck on knows how to get me out and boom like that's everything's about time, right? Like I could probably muddled through it and gotten it done myself, but it would have taken a year or two years or three years, you know, by the time I muddled all the way through it. At that point, you know, it's so big in this massive thing that everyone's trying to do. So, you got to kind of get in and get ahead of the pack, right? >> 100% >> So, that's >> Yeah, yeah. And even like on top of you're saying, right? Like sure, like you could do this yourself, it'll take you a year or two years or three years, but it's not even just the time, right? Because how about the money involved? How about the effort involved? How would someone feel a year and a half into this where they've been doing it for a year and a half and they're seeing seeing zero traction, right? Like they probably won't even make it to the point of seeing seeing results, right? Cuz they'll probably give up before they even get to that point, right? So, it's like time, but then there's also like the money and the effort involved that goes into it for sure, right? So, since, you know, it sounds like you've been through like different programs, didn't really get results from that, things like that. What would you say made what we do, what made InboxAttract different for you that allowed you to see results this time? >> Okay, that's an easy one. >> [laughter] >> So, a lot of the program So, I've been through tons of programs, right? Like you as well. So, you probably have seen this as well, but a lot of the programs, it's just a program. You watch the videos and then that's it. Some of the courses it has a program and has a community, but there's no like coaching calls, right? So, there's a couple of the main pillars, but you need all the pillars in order to be successful, right? So, you got to have the coaching calls, the weekly coaching calls. You have to have course, which is always changing and evolving because of the tech. You have to have the community, you know, you've got to have the ability to have someone that you can reach out to through Discord or through something that you can ask questions. Like you've got to hit all the main I might be missing one or two of them, but I think those are like the main pillars that that helps the students be successful cuz we have all these channels and resources to help us and encourage us especially cuz [ __ ] let's be honest. It's easy to get down. It's easy to get depressed. It's easy to get overwhelmed. It's easy to say I have 50 things to do, you know, like how am I going to do them all? But when you have like-minded people that are also modeling through the same things or people that have modeled through it and come out on top, it's like, well, if they've done it, [ __ ] it. I can do it, too. >> Yeah. Yeah, 100% and that's a very important mindset. Like even for me, right? Like whenever I start something, it's going to be hard, right? It's going to be overwhelming. There's so much new stuff, so much new things to learn, but I guess like similar to what you said, the way I think about it is if someone else can do it, why can't it be me? Why can't I be next, right? That this person did it, it's not impossible. It clearly is possible. They just maybe know something I don't I don't, right? Maybe they're doing something that maybe I'm not, right? Um for sure, James. So, um I guess tell us a little bit more about your win then, right? Obviously sign your first client. Um how much they pay you? >> So, they paid me $3,000 uh up front. It was a it was a huge win for me um because just like going from step one all the way to closing your first client. Like at the beginning you're like, man, there's a lot of stuff to do. Like I don't I don't know if I'm ever going to, you know, get to that step where I'm actually making money, but it's like, you know, if you put in the time, you put in the effort, you put in the work, and you follow the steps, you do all the processes, and most importantly you're putting in the daily work, right? You got to put in the work every day. You got to put in the effort daily. You got to see the big picture and the goals daily. And then, you know, after I closed my first deal, you know, for $3,000 cash upfront while on the call, I was like, holy [ __ ] like this actually this actually worked. Like I like believed it, but I didn't believe it cuz it's like one of those feelings like it actually worked, you know, like you're kind of in a bit of disbelief. And, you know, my wife didn't believe that it was going to work as well. And, you know, I kind of doubted myself sometimes as well, but it was just a huge win cuz it's like, wow, this is this is possible. This is doable. This is this is something that I could potentially take and use that I am going to take and use to be able to go on really nice trips with my family, to not have to, you know, go to a, you know, 6:00 to 4:00 job Monday through Friday and be told where I'm going to go and, you know, what machine I'm going to be in. Where I can, you know, kind of control my own destiny, my own schedule, my own time frame, and be able to work if I'm in Bali or if I'm in Costa Rica or if I'm in Italy or if I'm in Las Vegas, Nevada, is where I where I live, but um just having that that financial freedom and also physical freedom to be able to work from wherever I am, right? All I need really is just my laptop and my cell phone, and I can pretty much, you know, once I scale this up to having three or four clients, I can quit my full-time job and I can be doing this from wherever and whenever, you know? >> Yeah, 100%. Now, I completely agree. You You also need internet, too, but aside from that, for sure. Cool, James. So, what does the future look like for you then? Obviously, you have your first client, you proved it out to yourself most importantly that this works. Where do you see yourself 12 months from now or even 6 months from now, I guess? >> Yeah, so my honest goal, you know, it's okay to have a a bit unrealistic goals. I would actually like um my goal my main goal is to be um completely out of a full-time position as a construction employee within the next 6 to 12 months and be doing this full-time um and having at least one to maybe two employees that are handling kind of all the smaller more monotonous tasks that don't need my level of um expertise. Um and where I really like um I don't know if you knew this or not. I actually did door-to-door sales for about 2 years um right out of high school. So, I do have um a bunch of sales experience. So, the rush and the thrive uh um jumping on sales calls with strangers um gives me a huge huge rush. I'd actually forgotten about that. Um yeah, doing the sales. I want to do the sales, close deals, and then have um employees for me handling all of the other parts. >> Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Really good goal. And it's not real unrealistic because that's really just a path. I think the hardest part of this is just going from zero to one. Because once you have a client, you know like you have the process like you understand the process. You again, right? Most importantly, you prove to yourself that this is possible, right? That this works. It really just is a simple. It's just buckling down and continue doing what you're doing rather than signing one client. Get the second one. Get the third one. Get the fourth one. In fact, many people um even for me, right? Like the longest gap was going from zero clients to first client. After I got my first client, literally like a week later, I ended up with my second client. And then a couple of days later, my third client, couple days after the fourth client. And for a lot of people, that's exactly what it is cuz I think a lot of it's just like a mental unlock where >> Yes. >> now they see that it's possible. It's kind of like you know, the um I think like the 10-second sprint like whatever that is, right? Like like the Olympic runner who like before he did the world record, everyone was like, "Oh, it's not possible to go below 10 seconds." But then as soon as one person did it, suddenly a bunch of other people did it, too, because now they believe it's possible, right? So, great goal, James, and we'll be working together to help you get to that point. I think the final question then, right? Don't want to take up too much of your time, but final question is what would you say to someone who might be interested in joining Inbox Lab coaching, but maybe they're on the fence or they're a little unsure if they could do it, if this actually works? What would you say to that person? >> I would say if if you're on the fence, that with Jimmy and the Inbox Lab program, I would I would have absolute trust, absolute no doubts that they could help that person get success. The only thing I would say is that person needs to make a dedication to themselves, that they're going to be willing to put in the time, the energy, and the effort, uh, daily time to to put in the work, right? Cuz Jimmy and and his team are not going to do all the work for you. They're not going to put in the hours for you and the time and the reps, right? It's about putting in the daily reps. You've got to have that in yourself to put in those daily reps. You've got to have those big goals and, you know, those people around you, you know, that that support you, you know? So, if you're willing to put in the time, the work, the effort, and the energy, it's 100% possible. I think the only limitation is sometimes ourself. >> Yeah, 100%. Like couldn't have ended up better, right? I think what you're trying to say is the person just has to want it, right? I think at the end of the day, right? You just have to want it yourself and have a reason for doing this. Um but yeah, James, um thank you so much for doing this. Um thank you for your time. Um if you have any questions, hit me up inside the group chat. I will be happy to point you the right direction for fulfillment, next steps on your business. But thank you for your time today, James, and uh have a good rest of your Saturday then. >> Yeah, you too, buddy. Appreciate your time as well. >> All right. Thank you, James. Take care. >> Thank you.